Should be top comment
Cathie: Passive investing has gone too far!Also Cathie: Buy my Ark fund!
I agree.  He's petty and has thin skin, not good qualities in a leader
Raising interest rates when inflation is out of control is "risky". Printing money endlessly and racking up debt is "responsible".
Well, technically it didn’t miss out on the unicorns, as they would own some of them in the index. They’re just well diversified beyond going all in on them. Something I always have to remind myself when I think “darn, I wish I had exposure to X. Oh wait, I do.”
Multiple job holders as a percent of employed is at 4.7%. For reference the lowest recorded yearly average was 4.5% in 2020.https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/LNS12026620
“But how much is the average house price”
I keep hearing of these good strides we are making on the economic front, but I don’t think the people are actually feeling that way.
hotel, travel, vaction jobs created most from opening up.
Is a single one of them able to support a family? Cus that’s the only healthy move
I mean it matters a lot. If these numbers start disappointing then it makes it harder for the FED to raise rates. We could end up in a stagflation scenario.
Keeping the secondary market liquid reduces the risk to people who are direct purchasers.
Woah now if people started considering the ethics of their investing the entire stock market would collapse
Russia in no way profits or loses from secondary market trading in their debt. If Wall Street facilitates new debt issue, then agreed, hang them.
Unemployment down to 3.8, very nice
Are you just trying to find any way you can to shit on good news?
U-3 does not but U-6 does.Also you can look under at average hours worked.
Are they factoring in how many of those are people getting 2nd/3rd jobs?
"When the time will come to hang the capitalists, they will compete with each other to sell us the rope" - Lenin (probably)
They predict 35% in Q2 and only 7% in 2022
Sure but by keeping secondary markets more liquid than they otherwise would be, they are reducing risk and incentivizing investment for institutions that are buying directly
Im pretty sure they're buying the bonds on the secondary market which means they are just getting the bonds for cheap without actually injecting any additional funding into the companies. They're just betting that the companies won't default.
China has a solid customer for everything now forever.
Umm, did you understand that by ”pouncing” they are financing Russian companies?
[deleted]
There is a strong argument that the brutal sanctions on the people of Weimar Germany after WW1 led to increased nationalism and eventually the rise of Hitler and Nazi party.  People should be careful in their support for the total destruction of an economy because of the actions of a few authoritarian war mongers. The economy of a large country like Russia is really just millions of (mostly indebted) people like you and I trying to feed their families and not get sent to the gulag, then a tiny class of Oligarchs.  In the destruction of the economy the Oligarchs would all leave (if the haven't already) taking refuge in their luxury property and setting up lives in other countries (which they likely are already citizens of), leaving the normal Russians to pick up the bill for this insane war.  Nationalism is a scourge on society and we must not let this conflict stoke its fires again.  I am not pro Russia, and  fervently anti-Putin but I hold nothing against anyone because of the imaginary boundaries they were born into.
Yeah. Cuz the russian government invaded ukraine illegally.
-69,420% please
Imagine once they finally let their stock market open back up.
That makes no sense unless they think Putin will get executed and Russia immediately withdrew from Ukraine. Their gdp will be down in USD terms way more than 35% on an annualised basis
I would think it would be shrink more than 35%.
Shrink zero percent?
Gotta pump those numbers up.
Why stop at 35%?  Send it to zero.
A depression is defined as a drop in GDP of more than 10% year-over-year. 35% is a regime changer. It’s a get the hell out of dodge before the whole place burns type of drop.To put this in perspective - the US GDP dropped about 29% over the course of 4 years during the great depression. Dropping 35% in one year? The Russian people are in for a very rough decade or two. The only reasons the US recovered were through massive public works programs and a world war which lead to a prosperous post-war period. Russia’s got a lot further to go, and any world war we see from hear on out will destroy all economies. So they’re fucked, even if they pull out of Ukraine tomorrow.
Is there a top comment bot or something
Sooooo many innocent people are about to get fucked
More like it's *Putin* it mildly.
Interesting take. GDP calculations don’t really take the brain drain into consideration. I suppose they just measure the effect down the road.
It’s like going back to the Stone Age . Just recuperating from this can take over a decade . Unless the Russian government changes and becomes pro European
That's putting it mildly.
35% of an economy the size of Russia is huge. This factors in stimulus related to wartime production, and higher global energy prices (for what they can sell) this is nothing short of economic disaster for Russia.
Agree more sanctions come every day and currency is collapsing. Currency alone annualised is 35%Also then you have brain drain where every smart person leaves
This 100%, China will shake hands and stab you in the back as soon as you turn around if there's profit to be made.They're the ultimate capitalists and want all profits to flow to the government.
I'm thinking 135% 👍
Because you don’t think it’ll effect it that much? Or that it’s so obvious that it’ll drop this much or more?
China doesnt have the funds to prop up the russian economy that much. They will give Russia the shaft, as they're the only major economy willing to do business with them. China will profit off this conflict
Isn't 35% considered a depression?
35% drop seems low.
Yeah because that is the only thing going on now…  their money has dropped 30%+ and now almost the rest of the world has refused to trade with them, along with civil unrest. I don’t think a 35% drop is unreasonable.
Get ready? It’s already here in La. 5.15 regular .
That's a civil war waiting to happen in Texas.
Time to steal some fucking tanks
Republicans declare they were always on ukraine's side and never liked Putin.
For anyone who’s interested, here’s a Matt Levine column with more details about these deals:Credit Suisse Group AG lends a lot of money to a lot of different customers for a lot of different things. If you want undifferentiated diversified exposure to all of those different loans, you can buy Credit Suisse stock (which gives you risky equity exposure) or bonds (safer senior exposure), or deposit your money at Credit Suisse’s bank (very safe super-senior exposure).Or you can skip all the mortgages, small-business loans, corporate lines of credit etc., and buy direct exposure to only the finest handpicked yacht loans. The Financial Times reports:Credit Suisse has securitised a portfolio of loans linked to its wealthiest customers’ yachts and private jets, in an unusual use of derivatives to offload risks associated with lending to ultra-rich oligarchs and entrepreneurs.The Swiss lender, which has endured a bruising year marked by repeated scandal, quietly sold on a slice of the risk related to $2bn of its “ultra-high-net-worth” client loans at the end of 2021.The securitisation of the portfolio of loans to tycoons and oligarchs backed by their “jets, yachts, real estate and/or financial assets” was made by a unit of the bank that has previously been plagued with sanctions-related issues.An investor presentation for the deal, seen by the Financial Times, explains that one of the main goals of this division is to “create a positive brand impression of CS by financing the principals’ favourite business tools (business jet) and luxury toys (yachts)”. …The nature of the underlying collateral meant Credit Suisse had to offer an eye-watering interest rate of more than 11 per cent to entice a handful of hedge funds into the $80mn transaction, an indication of the price the bank was willing to pay to improve its capital position without tapping public equity markets.One way to think about this is that if Credit Suisse is carving out its oligarch yacht loans to sell their credit exposure to hedge funds, then the hedge funds value the yacht loans more highly than public shareholders do.[1] Like, you can go to hedge fund managers and say “hey do you want to own the equity tranche of our oligarch yacht loans” and the hedge fund managers will say “ahahaha that’s awesome I’m in for $10 million,” and at the same time you can go to your regulators and shareholders and say “we’ve moved the oligarch yacht loans off our books, now if the oligarch yacht loans default our shareholders and depositors will not be on the hook” and the shareholders and regulators will say “ah what a relief, we don’t want any oligarch yacht loans.” The world of bank capital relief and significant risk transfer trades can be pretty abstract, and I have written admiringly about Credit Suisse’s efforts to make it more so. Credit Suisse has, among other things, sold the credit risk of its derivatives to its managing directors’ bonus pool, and sold its rogue trading risk to some bondholders.But it is worth saying that this trade is extremely intuitive. Credit Suisse wants to be in the business of financing oligarchs’ yachts, because (1) this encourages the oligarchs to do more business with Credit Suisse and (2) there is a certain sort of branding halo, for a Swiss bank, to be able to say “oh of course we do a lot of oligarch yacht financing.” But if there’s ever a wave of defaults on oligarch yacht loans and Credit Suisse runs into trouble with its capital levels, it will have to call its regulators and say “hey we are low on capital” and the regulators will say “what happened” and Credit Suisse will have to say “the oligarch yachts sank” and the regulators will be really mad. Like, “bank loses money due to housing downturn” is fine, as these things go. “Bank loses money due to being slow on the trigger with concentrated margin loans” is not great. But “bank loses money due to oligarch yacht loans” is terrible! Terrible! You can’t do that!So you do a trade where Credit Suisse makes the oligarch yacht loans, for branding and relationship and business development purposes, and as far as the oligarchs are concerned it is a leading, generous, flexible, commercial provider of yacht loans. But then it sells the default risk of the oligarch yacht loans to people who have a sense of humor about oligarch yacht loan risk, because bank regulators absolutely do not. For 11%, surely some hedge funds do.I do hope that when they close this deal they invite all the hedge fund managers who bought it, and all the oligarchs whose yachts it helped finance, to a party on one of the yachts. I feel like they could probably get a break on the rate if they did that.
Nazis and Credit Suisse?
Its a whole lot of nothing in that statement. One thing you have to give it them is for writing a whole paragraph of fluff but including who they want to throw under the bus for later on.
Scandals and Credit Suisse, name a more iconic duo.
The corrupt behavior of Credit Suisse was briefly out of the spotlight due to this Ukraine situation but I’m glad to see it back where it belongs. Throw this filthy corrupt management in prison.
Another month, another scandal at CS
You mean the guys that laundered nazi gold made from the fillings of murdered jews are acting unscrupulously??? I've never been more shocked in my life!!
&gtThe $2 billion deal was a “synthetic securitization” to free up regulatory capital, undertaken by the bank as part of CEO Thomas Gottstein’s plan to adopt a more responsible approach to managing financial risk following its $5.5 billion loss from Archegos.Is it due to my time in r/wallstreetbets that this does not make as much sense to me as it does to the Chief Executive Officer of Credit Suisse?
You try to put the papers back together, believe it or not, also jail.
Straight to jail.
Jail
Yeah sadly I can’t see this ending well forThe artists
Well that sucks.
I love bandcamp, I hope they don’t change anything
Well I hope bandcamp doesn’t suck completely once this takes effect. I have a feeling it will, but one can hope.
Well that's random
It’s almost like some senior management was tasked with developing new revenue streams (in light of declining sales and/or pressure from shareholder(s) (yes, private companies can  also have shareholders)), and they hired some consultant (who potentially really needed a job), and that consultant (who’s probably not very creative), instead of coming up with new, innovative product ideas, regurgitates something from one of their MBA classes to the effect of “… blah blah recurring revenue blah blah licensing model…”… and, well, now Epic is planning on acquiring Bandcamp. And all the while, lower level employees (who already don’t like this consultant, because I wouldn’t be surprised that they’re insufferable) are looking at each other awkwardly, not sure whether to criticize the decision, or maybe even knowing that they’ll have to be responsible for the mess that the integration process might be… I’m not an expert, though. So idk.
Can’t wait to make sick beats on the battlebus
Woah. Bandcamp/epic. Curious to see how terms of service and ownership rights pan out.
Why? The West is straight up combating a dictator without murdering anyone. Any other action would mean a lot more loss of life
Right! Like don’t these cretinous journalists feel any sense of shame when they write headlines like these? I’m so disappointed in the state of affairs for the entire West right now. It could be worse… we could be living in Russia… but jeez! This is embarrassing.
Russia is evolving their tactics to prevent citizens from leaving the country with large amounts of foreign cash.  I presume this is so that the Russian state can seize foreign currency spent by its own citizens and then use it to prolong trade for non-Russian goods through its back door.They’re in it for the long haul.
Credit Suisse has joined the chat.
Not for the Ukrainians though
And as always DB will find a way to make record losses.  They underwrote Gazprom's bonds and ran the Global Laundromat for roubles.  I think they picked the wrong side on this one.
I only have limited time to waste at work, like 8 hours or so.
lol no judgement boss, I Reddit at work too. But….No time to google at work. Plenty of time to Reddit.
Visa and Matercard aren't "hopping on board", they are legally compelled to act to comply with the sanctions, or protect themselves from financial damages due to the sanctions.
Being shut out of SWIFT or Visa/Mastercard networks doesn’t mean no money will go in or out of Russia. It means that it’s gonna become incredibly cumbersome and slow. Businesses will have to wait a long time to get paid for exports, which might them to bankruptcy if they’re tight on cash flow. Likewise no one will want to sell to Russian companies if takes ages to get payment from them.
Yes in part.There is a list of Russian banks that visa will no longer work with.For example - when you swipe your visa at the gas station, the transaction is processed by visa but the funds are actually lent by a bank. If a Russian has a visa that was issued by a bank on the visa/MasterCard sanctions list, then the card won’t work. If a Russian has a visa that was issued by a bank not on the list, it should work… for now.
From Wikipedia:&gtEuroclear settles domestic and international securities transactions, covering bonds, equities, derivatives, and investment funds. Euroclear provides securities services to financial institutions located in more than 90 countries.&gtIn addition to its role as an international central securities depository (ICSD), Euroclear also acts as the central securities depository (CSD) for Belgian, Dutch, Finnish, French, Irish, Swedish, and UK securities. Euroclear also owns EMXCo, the UK's leading provider of investment-fund order routing. Euroclear is the largest ICSD in the world.
Aren't their sanctions driven by government mandate here?
Yeah, like this stuff is definitely an inconvenience but I feel like Russians already had work around due to previous sanctions. For example a Russian artist I follow will accept commissions but won’t ship out of Russia and you have to wire the funds I believe. Basically puts all the burden of getting it out of the country on the buyer.
For someone who doesn't have time to google because I'm at work and will probably forget to google it later, what is Euroclear and how big of an issue is that for Russian government/people?
Not so much for local payments. Russia has developed an alternative. Beyond their borders however is another story.The bigger story is that Euroclear has stopped accepting payments in rubles. That’s gonna sting really bad.
[deleted]
What more can we say other than “Russias FUCKED seven ways to Sunday!”
Does this actually mean people in russia cant pay with their Visa &amp MasterCard cards or is this something not for the end user?
Businesses hopping on board with canceling Russia just goes to show you how large and influential corporations have become.
Maybe the Discover card will make a comeback
Um, that seems huge
To diversify risk I buy a fund which is a large basket of companies from all over the world. How to decide what goes in the basket? Various organizations (MSCI here) come up with shopping lists of what to put in your basket. A prominent issuer of shopping lists (MSCI) decides that Russian companies aren’t worthy of putting in the basket because of the geopolitical risk (and indeed it may be too late as certain powers that be in Russia are preventing foreign companies from selling their investments). Shoppers look at this and say they too will avoid Russian companies.Basically trillions of dollars are following these shopping lists and now everybody needs to sell these Russia companies. What happens when everybody wants to sell and nobody wants to buy?The immediate result is obvious. What’s important to think about too is how does all that money get back into Russia? And when?
Sounds like that's Russia's problem
LOL! Putin asked for the impossible from his manufactured "concerns", and you're upset that he got nothing?Ukrainian president also offered to meet with Putin, and was rejected. How was this anybody's fault other than Putin's?And nobody is risking their lives, other than the Ukrainians. If NATO really gets into a war (extremely unlikely, unless Putin resorts to WMD), it'll most likely be a steam roll, followed by nuclear exchange. It's very unlikely your brother would've seen combats.
The concerns of Russia, or the concerns of Putin? Because Putin's "concerns" were manufactured. And it's not like the NATO countries have ignored him. How many world leaders have flown to Moscow to discuss potential diplomatic solutions?
I don't even think it matters at this point. All trust is lost with Russia - no one will lend to them or invest in Russian companies now under Putin. Full run on their banking system, debt defaults on hard currency bonds will be next shoe to drop.
So we should just do nothing, and let millions of Ukrainians lose their lives?
[deleted]
Likely only 5-10% of value salvageable by selling on other exchanges where shares are cross listed to hedge funds and other speculators. It will be a complete bloodbath for EM funds. But keep in mind that only 2% of IEMG was invested in Russia as of friday close. And ERUS was down 28% today... so you are already down to 1-1.5% exposure. I heard of a fidelity fund that was close to 10% in Russia today and we are going to hear some fucked up stories over the coming weeks...
I hope the Russian gov realizes the shit-show they're in and figures out how to get out of Ukraine before it gets worse.
It's hard to underemphasize how massive the repercussions are here. If Russia is kicked out of MSCI EM indexes, it creates hundreds of billions of dollars all rushing for the exits, effectively killing Russia's stock market for all foreign investors.Combined with the fact that their stock market isn't open and their central bank has said all payments to foreign companies are frozen for 6 months, we are effectively witnessing the iron curtain raising for Russian businesses.US listed ERUS is down 60% YTD and 28% TODAY, illustrating the market pricing in this reality. Truly a terrifying time.
I’m not sure that the fund managers *could* liquidate. MOEX is closed, and even when it re-opens to sell those shares, how would the money get out of Russia?  I suspect it would be a 100% loss.
Yes the fund managers would liquidate, and yes investors in Russian companies will sustain heavy losses.
How would this work?  Let’s say I own shares in the IEMG ETF.  The fund owns 101 million shares of Gazprom, 3.5 million shares of Lukoil, 92 million shares of Sberbank, and so on.   If Russian companies are removed from the index, how would Blackrock liquidate those holdings and rebalance into everything else?  Or would all fund holders simply lose 2.02% of their IEMG value?
Kyiv*
… in love with EU
The important thing that most of these headlines gloss over is before the sanctions it was only worth ~1.2 cents. It’s not Zimbabwe yet.
That seems like the right move, the only other outcome is if it completely tanks and new currency comes out. Check with your bank, maybe you can buy the actual paper currency from them. So if it does go tits up, at least you have souvenirs.
Time to buy $200 worth of rubles then sit there and wait
The world will not forget this. Putin will go down in history as one of the worst leaders in the world. Glory to Ukraine!
It’s almost like Putin has no idea what he’s doing Hey Putin, go fuck yourself.
Only if the debt is Ruble denominated. It's most likely owed in US dollars. And without SWIFT, you have to stay in a hotel in Moscow with a suitcase full of cash and get pissed on by two prostitutes. Allegedly.
In Russia, a ruble is worth a ruble. Russia has a positive current account balance (they sell more stuff to the rest of the world than they buy), so the devaluation of the ruble by itself is not necessarily catastrophic. But if strong sanctions are actually enforced for long enough, they won't be able to maintain exports and just about everything will end up being a lot more expensive for Russian people and companies.
U r a lil bitch
If you are into crypto this sort of behavior in the charts is completely normal.
The investor in me wonders if it's time to buy because it's down so much.The patriot in me says fuck you russia let it die.
You put a bullet in it because it’s rabid.
Putin still has an out, leave Ukraine
How is invading another country being backed into a corner?
You can’t say “fuck Putin” without supporting nuclear war? What?
You can't let a rabid dog run around and bite random people though.
LOL oh noooo
Not low enough. It's got a ways to go before it's in Weimar Republic territory.
https://www.tradingview.com/symbols/RUBUSD/
does anyone have a link to a graph i can view of the value of the ruble over time?
Is this going to turn into a blood bath on the market
The protest in Russia are only going to get worse now. Fuck Putin.
Great. Fuck Putin
It’s the same when you tell your wife to calm down. Literally has the opposite effect.
US Sunday night is Asia Monday morning
Serious financial panic at the least
economic collapse in Russia?
...or they might be Russians and have limited options
⚠️ If you're in #Ukraine and reading this please turn geolocation off on your phone now. Russia is using it to track gatherings. Tell those around you to do the same.
Wait til the bank runs out of USD. Nobody wants rubles, that’s for sure.
You know who also needs money to feed themselves and their family? Soldiers and police.  And without them Putin is fucked. And this is all within a couple of days, I can’t see this lasting long before some serious shit goes down in Russia.
Historically speaking the governments of Russia only change from internal forces not external ones.
How long until Putin is retired.. uh I mean gracefully passes the baton?
Like the time the plane I was on went from about 100 ft above the runway on approach into a steep ascent.  The pilot saying there was nothing to worry about definitely didn't make me feel any better.
Let us all hope.
Yea there’s talk about how the sanctions will wreck Russia for centuries. But if Putin were replaced and a new regime was relatively willing to play ball with the west, they could probably rebuild huge swathes of the economy while balancing between the west and China. And then return to their position as a superpower within a few decades.
Aren’t stable coins only stable because they are pegged to fiat currencies? Hardly a ringing endorsement of crypto that the only viable currency it offers is only stable because it is pegged to the traditional international currency and banking system.
A currency that changes value frequently and drastically is not a good currency. It is a speculative commodity.
If they overthrow Putin pronto, they could grow like Poland has in pretty short order.
Wouldn't it be something if it's a bank run that brings Putin down?  The great lesson of the fall of the Soviet Union is that all governments, no matter how evil and brutal, ultimately depend on the people's permission to exist at all.   Putin may have reached the end of the Russian people's patience.
Think about why money was invented as a medium of exchange in place of a barter system
[deleted]
Ukrainians are doing their part, time for Russians to do theirs.
[deleted]
But the bulk of the arguments made are dependent on Russia's ability to make payments internationally and in foreign currencies, which the SWIFT sanctions would largely make impossible
Hungry people get angry.
[deleted]
You could say that again
Russians are notorious for bearing hardships and strong dictators. I dont see any change on the wind anytime soon.
[deleted]
Well Putin being part of that crowd is bolstering their nuke deterrence. Because you know, the “do nothing” sanctions
If you want to see the bank run in video form at a random Moscow ATM:https://www.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/t2nky9/meanwhile_in_moscow_long_queues_at_atms/
Calm?? They said they would use citizens' money to cover loses.
Get your wheelbarrows ready then, because you'll need one to buy a candy bar
Lol no. He’ll be around for awhile longer.
Banks telling the public to calm down is the best way to cause panic.
Yea I had a Russian troll telling me some BS propaganda. I reminded him that it may be a while before he gets his next paycheck and to think of Putin when his next meal costs more than said paycheck. Can’t wait to see Putin end up dead like Gaddafi.
Got dang. That’s a different kind of nuke
Love how people taking their own money out is causing fear in the banking system...  Does anyone have  faith in the financial system they created?   Anyone??
Putin isn't going to suffer. The dude has been robbing Russians blindly and has created a vast amount of wealth. Every estimate puts him as a billionaire and while the exact amount is impossible to detail, Russia supplies nearly 40% of Europe's energy. Think about how much money you can skim from that without knowing. Look at how his cronies have gotten wealthy aligning themselves with Putin. The average Russian will suffer. Their businesses will die down due to sanctions. The only thing Russia has going for them is they have China's trading to rely on and the insane amount of energy.
[deleted]
I just think it’s crazy how a mfer gonna tell ME I can only pull out $20 of MY own money… we gotta fight or something
[deleted]
It's been interesting week after interesting week almost non-stop since 2016. I hate how interesting the past several years have been.
[deleted]
It’s time to panic. Please revolt against your corrupt government.
Even from a neutral observer (I am not), if you are in Russia right now panic!The time to panic is when the banks tell you not to and restrict ATM withdrawals to $20 a day.
Can’t wait to see the shit show tomorrow. I truly hope Putin suffers. Et tu Brute?
The banks are fucked. If more people start to take their money out then the banks will run out of cash. And that’s when shit is really going to hit the fan. Nice work from fuckface putin!🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦
[deleted]
That’s gonna hurt them a lot.
Now taking bets, what will happen firstRussia banned from swiftversusEvergrande defaulting
Everybody knows it will hurt us but Russia has gone too far and can not be kept on "diplomatic talks" with a clean conscience any more. The people of Europe are now united more than in a long time and are assembling to send relief aid, accept refugees, even send weapons to Ukraine. Paying a bit more for energy is acceptable.We can afford it. There are more important things than money.
That's basically what it is. For a bank not being able to send out receive messages like "credit/debit account number 123 with $987.65" impacts your core operations. You know have to find an alternate way to transmit these instructions or possibly manual clear transactions with your counterparties.
SWIFT is just a messaging service so in theory being blocked from SWIFT doesn't mean you can't get paid, and arrangements may be made to facilitate some exchanges.For instance Gazprom might be allowed to establish an account at a German bank and receive euro payments at that location. How that helps them pay for operations in Russia...???I would expect that European banks might manually clear a limited number of payments for goods (like oil) that they can verify in some fashion, but otherwise the Russian Central bank and the assets of the oligarchs will be largely frozen, and that is the primary objective here.
Prices are already high. Germany gets about 40 % of its gas from Russia. But it’s spring and our reservoirs hold enough gas for this season. Our government is working on plans to help lower income families pay at least part of the difference in prices. We will take the economic Hit. It’s the least we can do. (Also sending weapons finally). We can afford the gas prices. No one will freeze or suffer too much here. And it’s another great reason to become less reliant on fossil fuels.
They won't. That's the point.
The only people who can stop this war are the Russian people. Hit Putin hard and the people will lose confidence quickly.
Wow you really think nato controls the energy policy of its members? Do you even know what nato is?
"We commit to ensuring that selected Russian banks are removed from the SWIFT messaging system. This will ensure that these banks are disconnected from the international financial system and harm their ability to operate globally," the leaders of the European Commission, France, Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom, Canada, and the United States, said in a joint statement.Guess I need clarification on what SWIFT does since it sounds like a SMS.
"Cadillac is the Rolls Royce of automobiles"
According to CNN, "Thank Bitcoin"https://edition.cnn.com/2022/02/24/business/cryptocurrency-bitcoin-russia-sanctions/index.html
[deleted]
Assuming Russia is cut off from SWIFT, how do they sell gas and oil?  And how will people pay them?
[Your understanding is about 5 hours out of date](https://www.euractiv.com/section/europe-s-east/news/russia-ban-from-swift-on-the-table-as-germany-drops-opposition/).
[deleted]
Full withdrawal including Crimea
Maybe he’s busy doing his actual job of negotiating with other world leaders
People should be more careful about describing something as the “nuclear option” when they’re writing about a literal conflict between nuclear powers
“Oh I’m going to get off”
too much edging. Now, bust a fat one out.
[https://www.newsweek.com/russia-ukraine-swift-expulsion-hungary-italy-sanctions-putin-1682968](https://www.newsweek.com/russia-ukraine-swift-expulsion-hungary-italy-sanctions-putin-1682968)Micronesia broke diplomatic relations so Putin can not vacation there spend his hoard.
*NATO edges closer to committing to the bare minimum gesture of support for Ukraine.*
Conditions for reinstatement should go beyond full withdrawal from and reparations to Ukraine.  A complete cessation of Russia-based cyber attacks and complete cooperation with international fraud investigations should be on the list.
Hell one is in Florida right this second.
Nah “fleeing” as a billionaire doesn’t mean fleeing like you or me, they are “fleeing” by getting into giant chattered yatch and parking them on a beautiful coast and having women and five wines flown in. Most of them “flee” every year
Lolol you think these billionaires don’t have contingency plans for their contingency plans when it comes to their illegal money??? Most of the frozen assets are probably just a small fraction of their wealth worldwide
Why would they flee Russia when other countries agreed to freeze or seize their assets outside of Russia?
It affects both the government and the Russian people. Which is kinda the point. In his address on Thursday, Biden did explicitly say that since Putin chose war, it will be both him and his country that will suffer the consequences.
Someone did a Russian oligarch tracker. They basically all fled Russia before this happened
Fortunately it appears Russian airlines have been banned from flying almost everywhere so this is a moot point
[removed]
The US issued sanctions against Putin and his top aide earlier today.
Trump’s bank account probably had a Venmo of $700 billion last week
Not sure why you were being downvoted. Seems a lot of people would like to gloss over the fact that Putin has the ability to literally destroy the world at his fingertips.
No puppet no puppet....you're the puppet
A russian in charge of nuclear weapons with nothing to lose...sounds fun
Actually.  Interestingly the Chinese may comply with the sanctions too.  They don’t want their own banks to get blacklisted.  Two of their largest banks just suddenly decided not to finance buying of Russian raw materials any more.  https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-02-25/chinese-state-banks-restrict-financing-for-russian-commodities
They announced the freezing of both more banks and assets last night. This is an ongoing event that is still unfolding. Reports from yesterday have a really good chance of being invalid today.
This is Reddit dude. I'm convinced half the people on this fucking website have no idea what they're talking about
If I recall correctly most of those sanctions were ended by the last administration for…reasons.
Why are you being such a dick about it? OP explained their wording which is valid, and you're still going after them. Just leave it alone or actually post your proof in a less dickish way (I know you're correct but nobody likes an asshole).
Anything other than removing them from Swift will not help even a little
This is old news now, seems like they are all on board, just waiting for the announcement.Germany, Italy and Hungary all announced support this am.
Here is the list.https://www.bis.doc.gov/index.php/policy-guidance/country-guidance/sanctioned-destinations
Here is the breakdown of the sanctions the US has imposed on Russia from the US Treasury website.https://home.treasury.gov/news/press-releases/jy0608
Don’t just freeze it, use the money for war reparations.
That's why I said I THINK. That means I may be wrong.
Sanctions accomplish the freezing of assets of corrupt oligarchs who hand big money to Putin for his favorable treatment These people are not millionaires, the are billionaires, and there are dozens of them.Yesterday Putin released a video for Russian consumption, of a meeting he had with what looked like about 50 of these people.He was trying to show Russians how sanctions won't hurt him.While it's true that there are ways around the SWIFT system (if you have ever sent or received a bank wire you know what a SWIFT code is), sanctions will make it more difficult for oligarchs to operate.The people who will suffer most of course, is the Russian citizenry. Putin will do his best to  prop up his corrupt billionaire crony led economy (with Chinese loans if need be), but he doesn't give a damn about the average Russian' working class person who will surely suffer.
Found the troll
It’s been 8 years since Crimea sanctions. I’m starting to lose hope he will reverse course
President Putin doesn't hold assets overseas......in his own name.That is why it is vital to go after his associates. You don't have to stop all payments, but to delay them while they are checked.
If you seize you just back them into a corner and they have no reason to reverse course.
That would be so classic. Seize and auction ALL OF IT off and send the money and more weapons and supplies to Ukraine
100 years after they do it.... Sheesh
The real answer is Putin doesnt hold his own bank accounts and money.  Cutting off his supporters is the only way to get him.
Good fuck that terrorist
Don’t freeze, Seize. Make instigator suffer
Russian banks, not Putin directly.
Where are you getting your news from? Biden gave a press conference yesterday where he was asked why he hasn't done this yet. He said it was being held in reserve.
Freezing isn't going far enough. I wish they could distribute the assets to the Ukrainian citizens.
I think it has already.
[deleted]
USA should do the same
Cynic inside me says all their money is tied up in Swiss shadow accounts and they're just sitting on their yachts, looking at a .5% blip on their portfolio and shrug it off. It would probably be more effective to seize their mansions and deny visas. Not being able to party in Kitzbühel or whatever is probably a bigger annoyance to them.
Not even a meme but if you do the opposite of what the hottest posts are saying you will probably make the correct choice. I swear that sub is full of manipulation and autism.
I'm hoping for more. The regular citizens hurt from it, but the oligarchs hurt more.
Indeed, I’m fairly certain their markets have lost over half their value
$32B so far…
And hopefully WSB is bullish on Russia which will make it continue to go down of course. #inverseWSB
Precious metals
Prime masturbators
Is he not already doing that? I wonder what Putin's life expectancy would be if he did that. Very short. Mutually assured destruction is in nobody's best interest.
Depends, lots of those are foreign assets that are going to be subject to sanction and might just disappear altogether.
Hope the loss porn gets reported to r/wallstreetbets
Ain't gonna be worth dick if they can't cash it into USD and the ruble turns into dust.
_oh yes!_
This is not the “Ukraine crisis” it is the Russian-Ukraine war.
If I were head of a mafia petrostate running on a mythology that the world is teaming up against my people, what would I do if that fever dream came true? Rally nationalist pride in support of more escalated military attacks on my neighbors with nukes in my pocket.
LoL, I love reddit, its like intelligence elementary school, but... they are actual articles.  They didnt lose 32b, they pulled it out of the market.SMH how can these reporters feed themselves, seriously they need corks on their forks to keep from doing more harm than good... at breakfast...
Unlikely. They wouldn't have a penny to begin with if it wasn't for their connections to Vlad.
The US and EU should just seize all overseas Russian assets. Should also end all imports/exports and international travel with Russia forever. What are they going do about it?
Yeah honestly I was wondering if russian funds and banks loaded up on shorts
Millions a day? So like, how is the country still there?Russian social media propoganda was a lot better last time they invaded Ukraine.
Actually they haven't lost anything local, since the Russian exchange is shut down. If they shorted internationally ahead of the invasion, they made TONS.
Maybe they can fund the new MLB season since they can afford to take losses like that, wait is this the wrong sub
Well Nicaragua only has ~6 million citizens so I guess it will be gone in a week?
Try not to be homophobic
They might not even be able to sell if their accounts are frozen or they can access cash anyway
what is 32b for them? probably like the average citizen loosing one thousand dollars. it will hurt but wont make them broke. the sad part is that those oligarchs will recover while the Ukrainian people that will get their lives affected by this will not.
$32 Billion so far….
Good. Maybe they'll do something about Vlad now.
Fox business be like “how do we protect them from these sanctions?”
Oh no! So anyways,
If these oligarchs hold PM’s they have actually gained…..   you may want to look into that..
It’s a completely false equivalence. If we, say, invaded Mexico and illegally annexed the Yucatán, they’d be completely justified in seeking allies abroad to defend them. Ukraine, the Baltics and Poland all have very good, very *recent* reasons to want security against Russia. As for the Cuba comparison, I’d say Cuba was completely justified in seeking Russian aid if that was what their country wanted, and not only that let me point out the obvious, *we didn’t invade Cuba.* We thought about it, but we didn’t. Keep pushing your pseudo-intellectual “hur dur both sides” bullshit but know that anyone who thinks about it for more than a second can call you out on your lies.Tldr Russia has a right to be upset about NATO’s expansion. They also should really understand *why* these countries are so desparate to get into NATO and why the solution isn’t and has never been invading other sovereign states. This is a problem **they** created themselves and now they’re mad they have to deal with the consequences.
Hodl!!If they don't sell it isn't a loss. 🤔
There are a couple of things to note which makes me not to believe this scenario. First, Russia is pretty unimportant economically except in terms of gas. Russian economy economy is pretty pathetic. RUB has no significance for USD.Second, China isolated its currency but it also affects to the other direction. China is pretty poor at attracting foreign investments due to its anti corporate policies. Therefore, playing Russia out of Swift will have no major effect on USD. Also, China really cannot compete with the US regarding to attracting capital due to that they are not an attractive market to be in besides that they are big.
Fuck your ‘both sides’ bullshit. ‘Both sides’ arguments are for dumbfucks and liars.
&gtPoint me to what I said wrong please.[This right here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/finance/comments/t05vgj/putin_ukraine_invasion_russias_ruble_hits_record/hy8gik3)
Welcome to human history.
So the US doing bad things in the past is a green light for Russia to invade Ukraine?
Most of the holders of US debts are Americans.
Hey eat shit, homie :)
Russia has a worse economy that the states that left the URSS combined.
Just… don’t eat the resultant sunflowers…
Ukrainian and Russian yield curves are competing in a space race 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Oh fuck off Putin propaganda cock sucker
AMERICA MADE ME DO ITTTTTTTTTTT
you are talking like a true imbecil
You might not think of Fukushima or Chernobyl when you think of sunflowers, but they naturally decontaminate soil. They can soak up hazardous materials such as uranium, lead, and even arsenic! So next time you have a natural disaster … Sunflowers are the answer!
If you search internet of videos/images of actual life in rural russia it his is exactly what is happening. No basic services and no money for food. Putin is serving these people with a recommended dosage of daily propaganda and it’s been proves to be effective. Basically Putin has no fear from inside the country.Iran is banned from using SWIFT and they have managed. Putin seems to think he will be fine too
I think the UK launder most Russian oligarchs dirty money.
Yeah invest in the country helmed by an irrational military dictator on the brink of starting WW3 while staring down the barrel of economic sanctions from the entire world, what could go wrong
Username checks out. Jackass.
This is the time to carve out American Kamchatka. At some point Russia needs to realize that it doesn't have the military to defend if it decides to be aggressive.
Recovery? I don't think you will see any recovery anytime soon.
Traitor
As long as the average Russian can afford to live comfortably (or at least, put food on the table), I doubt there will be any chance of Putin losing power domestically. And given how freely he has been handing out threats of nuclear war, perhaps an economic blockade is the only reasonable way of forcing the Russian populace to action
Maybe they’ll just default again
Those poor people are going to suffer because of one man and his gang of crooks. Shame.
More coverage at:*  [Oil price rises above $100, global stock markets plunge as Russia invades Ukraine – business live (msn.com)](https://www.msn.com/en-gb/money/other/oil-price-rise-above-dollar100-global-stock-markets-plunge-as-russia-invades-ukraine-%e2%80%93-business-live/ar-AAUexiH) *  [EU to launch new sanctions against Russia over "barbaric" attack on Ukraine (reuters.com)](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-ukraine-crisis-eu-idUSKBN2KT0SW?utm_source=34553&amputm_medium=partner) *  [Ukrainians Flee Kyiv as Videos Show Air Raid Sirens Ringing Out (newsweek.com)](https://www.newsweek.com/ukraine-flee-kyiv-air-raid-siren-russia-invasion-war-vladimir-putin-1682126) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
Not exactly. Problem is all the good jobs are in cities. Most of those 15 million vacant homes are not in cities. Same phenomenon that resulted in western ghost towns. Jobs dried up, and people left.
yes its smart but also somewhat scummy, its not experienced real estate investors entering bidding wars, its first time home owners chasing a dream
yup. My house purchase was just delayed by like 5 years. Thanks covid
Looks like that home is going to sell for more than 300k.
Demand for small, starter homes has significantly outpaced the supply. New, inexpensive homes are not being built fast or often enough. Low mortgage rates, high prices for construction materials, land, and labor, and zoning regulations are also major contributors as well. Majority of Americans build their wealth through home ownership and renting their whole lives screws them over later.
How will the supply side issue be resolved? Is only been getting worse for decades.
No it is not lol
i feel like this isnt a good thing
it's called golden handcuffs and they've been used by firms ever since the invention of stock base comp. the entire point is to keep you at the firm
Received a bonus for accepting my current job.  The fine print says I have to pay it back if I leave within a year.  I just got a job offer and I told them they need to pay off my bonus to my current employer and give me the same bonus.  They agreed without argument.  I told them to remove the clause that I had to pay it back if I left or include a caveat of my choosing. They asked for the caveat.  Now I need to decide what to set as a caveat. These companies could have been paying us well before, they just didn’t want to.
[deleted]
Love strategy, always got an opinion on something they have no fucking clue about 😂
[deleted]
Depends. Part of comp every year at VP and above comes in the form of restricted equity grants with a 4 year vest. &gt Other surprise measures include pulling unvested compensationThis is absolutely normal across the banking industry (and across tech as well where RSU’s are heavy weight of total comp). How the fuck it gets portrayed as toxic when GS does it is absurd.
It isn’t, the mega corporation is being an embarrassing baby.
[deleted]
Doubt they'll go after juniors for leaving. That would be terrible optics just to recoup $100K. The article was mostly referencing senior execs
There are several ways to incentivize retention, vesting shares, bonus acceleration etc. Using measures almost always reserved for serious misconduct and ethics violations to claw back bonuses would be a huge mistake IMO.
It's a bit sad living on your name from the 80's and kind of hazing your employees?Compared to any other big boy they are fucking backward, even Morgans is a better bet now lol. How are you going to tell them? OMG you work for them woooOoOooOw
I’ll be sure to let them know
Culturally, goldmans are dinosaurs moving in the wrong direction
This is theft. And junior bankers don’t make that much per hour when you calculate their time worked vs paid. So lame when people think it’s funny that juniors get screwed out of money. Get mad at the executives - not these kids.
[deleted]
So then what Goldman is doing is ACTUALLY unprecedented then? (I don’t have a Bloomberg subscription so I did not read the posted article 😭)
[deleted]
&gtWith Ismail and Stark, the bank refused to release transfer restrictions on stock going back to the 2016 pay cycle. Those shares, granted in 2017, would have just become eligible for cashing out in January. That seems very extreme&gtThe pair have also been banished from company-led alumni events.That seems very petty
A bonus should be a reward for past performance, I don’t see why it should also be a ball and chain for the future.
[deleted]
Trust me, this is a nightmare to deal with. Good luck to these employees.
sounds like indentured servitude with extra steps.\#SerfLife
Rats fleeing a sinking ship are eating their own.
Aren’t most bonuses tied to some form of retention? If they are trying to claw back after it’s been issued, good luck. But I’m pretty sure they would have to write an agreement that would tie the bonus to retention. That’s also a fairly industry standard thing companies do with bonuses
That's hilarious. Nope.
It's actually gas but your point stand.
Yea I work with a guy whose family left Russia when he was like 2 in 95. Still goes back there often. He is a huge supporter of Putin and is extremely intelligent. It doesn’t make sense to me.
Different transliteration from the same cyrillic word.The term actually came from the latin Caesar, as in Julius Caesar, the Roman dictator whose name was adopted by the Roman emperors.
Someone said it 10 years ago, but nothing has changed. Russia has oil, we all need it, unless gasoline cars and industrial production stop.
I think you’re underestimating the average person’s eagerness to support anyone that they see as powerful. Especially when they’ve been exposed to a ton of propaganda. For example, people who support *insert politician you don’t like*
Well, anecdotally, I’ve talked to a lot of Russians, and they are almost all in support of Putin.
same same but different sars.
Yeah.. germany shutting down their nukes is proving to be the dumbest move imaginable for both global warming and geopolitics.  Stupid, stupid, stupid.
There are none. All government backed.
Single digit support for a war doesn’t mean they’re supporting a revolution against Putin.Iraq and Afghanistan had low levels of support, we didn’t take up arms in the US
Russian state TV was already making statements that London can become a pile of *radioactive ash* like three weeks ago
Listening to a podcast about the czars. Not much has changed.
They had a poll about a month ago that showed the Russian people had a single digit support for war with Ukraine. I think a lot of that huge ordeal he made with his speech was designed to try to get the Russian people on board. Not saying Putin can't get the Russian people on board but that's a wildly low amount of support for something he seems intent on doing.
Those polls are as real as Kim Jung Un’s.
That went so well for the Tsars
So does an invasion of Ukraine, except the Ukrainians are innocent and the Russians do what they do best, look the other way.
He’s done it twice before and nothing has happened. Why would he think it will be different now?
It’s a lot more complicated than that. Germany has a 20” baseball bat up their ass in that 60-70% of their gas is imported from Russia.Now if you add to this that arguably one of the worst European politicians we had recently signed an emotional manifesto to literally decommission all of Germany’s nuclear power plants in 2011 after the Fukushima incident you get the situation we have today. Europe is knee deep dependent on Russian gas and Putin can literally turn the whole of Europe dark when he’s bored of playing games. It’s sad and I wish the EU wasn’t as German centric because most of the rest of EU doesn’t have an irrational fear of nuclear energy.. thanks Merkel
2014, literally 8 years ago.
I bet 80% wouldn’t be sad if Putin were deposed.  But none of them are going to stick their neck out, or risk anything.
Easy to say when it’s not your family dying.I’m no Russian apologist by any means, but asking for a revolution has a heavy price to those that live there
Think he gives a shit? He's been doing this since Georgia. Financial pain is temporary, land is permanent.
He still has relatively high popular support, probably over 50%. It’s not like 80% of the country wants his head
Well ain't that a mouth full of a sentence
These are far too many words.  Can we just have a headline and a TikTok or react face telling me how to feel?
The results might SHOCK you
Headline Confidence Plummets, Here’s Why
But this time with a splash of the exotic: nukes!
Exactly. Mafia thugs own the casino.
For anyone that doesn't know, The Express is the worst newspaper in the UK, and there are some pretty terrible newspapers in the UK.
I’m all for another Russian Revolution
Let’s dispel with this fiction that Putin doesn’t know what he’s doing - he knows exactly what he’s doing
Well, the Russian people need to rise up and throw out the tsar.
Supreme Court SMACKS DOWN Editorial board challenge to continue making stoke inducing articles
The oligarchs must be cut off from their funds. It is the only way to strangle the bear.
Russia exports oil and imports Nintendos. If nobody buys their oil, Russians can't play Nintendo.
This is the daily express. Every third day they have a headline about still dead princess diana or an imaginary snowpocalypse. They must have used up their weather headline quota on the recent storms so led with this gem.
Forget Putin the Russian people are about to feel it. These sanctions are serious and could strike a blow to the Russian economy. The Eu, Uk, and the Us are all blacklisting them causing them to rely heavily on China, Belarus, and whatever third-world dictator that'll do business with them. It's either Ukraines natural resources or go home with your dick in your hand.
So it seems.  Trouble is, he keeps increasing his personal territory while the world just sits on its hand and watches.It's the 1930s all over again...
u/Ace425 SLAMS modern editorial boards, tips toward DEVASTATING criticism
Russia is Putin’s personal property. He will do with it what he pleases.
Putin: "I have big pp"The World: -collectively pulls down Putin's pants-Putin: "No, wait!"
Maybe history will repeat itself and we will have a giant russian uprising against their tsar. Probably not.
Recession? The Russian people are more used to purges, extrajudicial killings, and gulags.
Putin isn’t dealt any kind of blow, his assets are likely parked in more tax havens than you can name. The population of Russia is dealt the blow. Unfortunately, they don’t have a say in this.
Clearly more than has been allocated
\*by a fly
What kind of budget does it take to form complete sentences?
news organizations run on shoestring budgets.
Do modern news organizations even bother hiring editors anymore? Or is that a thing of the past? I feel like I'm having a stroke when I try to read this.
I think u are confusing security performance with the general economy.The stock market is not the economy.
Trump isn’t president anymore
That’s disingenuous. The current administration did have something to do with inflation. Even if the stimulus was unavoidable, the stimulus the current admin pushed out definitely affected inflation. How much it did is the real question
crypto also down across the board. world’s economy is suffering because of one insufferable egotistical man-child.
It sounds like what US was doing during the last adminstration.
I remember her, it's BS the utter corruption[https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/oct/16/malta-car-bomb-kills-panama-papers-journalist](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/oct/16/malta-car-bomb-kills-panama-papers-journalist)God bless her, Daphne....
Reinforces that the wealthy live and play by a different set of rules. It’ll be in the news for the next week or so and maybe a docuseries or documentary will be made about this years later. But nothing will change and these wealthy, corrupt entities will go on doing what they do.
The wealthy: *lifts carpet, sweeps this under to rot with Panama Papers*
And Cnn/Fox stay real quiet lol
Wasn’t there a paradise paper thing as well? Post panama, pre this one? Bread and circuses.
Man I hate this timeline
My first thought
Revealed and shortly forgotten. On to the next.
You mean the thing that did nothing but get a few journalists killed with car bombs? Yup.
This will totally not be the exact same result as the Panama Papers!
More coverage at:*  [Credit Suisse data leak exposes accounts used by human rights abusers and criminals (thetimes.co.uk)](https://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/93e4fefc-92f1-11ec-bcf4-9dde9b8243da?shareToken=d23ce0cb3c506fd0654bc616228a87aa) *  [Credit Suisse rejects claims that data leak shows links to criminals, dictators (upi.com)](https://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2022/02/21/switzerland-credit-suisse-data-leak/7891645447144/) *  [Germany not affected by reports of Credit Suisse data leak - finance ministry (reuters.com)](https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/germany-not-affected-by-reports-credit-suisse-data-leak-finance-ministry-2022-02-21/) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
Maybe not in this current high demand market but mostly true when supply and demand are stable.
They depreciate quite a bit more than houses do
The Mannheim index this is based on us seasonally adjusted. They’ve been indexing prices for decades, they know the normal pattern.“ Wholesale used-vehicle prices (on a mix-, mileage-, and seasonally adjusted basis) declined 1.5% in the first 15 days of February compared to the full month of January. This brought the Manheim Used Vehicle Value Index to 232.8, which was up 37.6% from February 2021. The non-adjusted price change in the first half of February was a decline of 1.4% compared to January, leaving the unadjusted average price up 33.5% year over year.”https://publish.manheim.com/en/services/consulting/used-vehicle-value-index.html
30k for a 2022 civic is still a much better deal than 28k for a 2014 one
I kept expecting a desk pop.
Countless people have said this for the last 6 years. Bad decision.
Dirty Mike and the Boys strike again.
Yeah sure whatever you say buddy. A thief goes under the car and says “yeah not this one it’s not original, I’ll steal another one for my drug addiction”. Because thief’s are reasonable lmfao
Did you at least give the dude a 30 day eviction notice to vacate the said property? I mean you just sold your car, but his "home."
Don’t worry everyone I just bought a new car for over sticker price so I’m sure vehicle prices will go back to normal very soon so I can feel extremely dumb.
Msrp. Plus markup you are looking at 30k easy.
A brand new 2022 Civic starts at $22k...
Drop faster
That’s almost as much as my 2013 Elantra that I just sold for $6800.00Should have gotten a Prius.
Where? At my local car lot in Texas they wanted $10k for an 08’ Durango and $28k for a 14’ civic.
When is it highest and lowest generally?Asking for two friends.
It's seasonal. Compare to previous years and you'll see they're actually dropping less than they normally do this time of year.   Next.
Wrong sub
I am already down 40% from November….
[deleted]
I really don’t like where this automotive black box tech is going. Everyone thinks the government is monitoring them but meanwhile we are completely surrendering our privacy and giving them behavior logs.
You can't seriously think Putin does it to buy cheap stocks  If he wants more money, he threatens jail, prosecution and death for the company owners. He takes what he wants. The richest guy in world didn't become that rich with free market stocks.He threatens and starts wars to keep Russia from eventually collapsing. He needs the bufferzone to the west, his influence has to be bigger than the west to keep Russia, mainly Moscow, from collapse.
We do, but you’re on a finance sub
Really, the article's first point about safe haven assets is the most important one.People are completely forgetting that our present prosperity is underwritten by American security guarantee. After the end of the Cold War, US security guarantee didn't just extend to its Asian and European allies, it implicitly extended to the whole world - that's why the coalition's defeat of the Iraqi occupation of Kuwait during the Gulf War was such a cathartic moment. This was the backdrop to which international commerce, movement of people and capital, and a belief in (more or less) fair rules across countries thrived.But Russia is not Iraq, and today's America, relatively speaking, doesn't feel quite as perky as it did in 1990. And if Russia does invade Ukraine (again) and ends up occupying large parts of it, the above assumptions will be severely tested.Discount rates aren't just numbers conjured up in thin air, with input from central banks. They are real metrics with which capitalists use to assess risk. Unfavorable geopolitical conditions increase risk, and will compress multiples for all assets, across the whole world.
**2018**December 1, 2018[AlJazeera](https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2018/12/1/poroshenko-over-80000-russian-troops-in-and-around-ukraine)&gt More than 80,000 Russian soldiers are present at Ukraine’s borders and the Russian-annexed Crimean Peninsula, as well as the rebel-held regions of Donetsk and Luhansk, according to the Ukrainian president... The possibility of the Russian invasion at the moment is between 70 to 80 percent, especially during the upcoming holiday season. For three to five days, nobody in the world would care about what is going on."December 15, 2018[New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/12/15/world/europe/ukraine-russia-military-buildup.html)&gt Ukrainian officials have been raising alarms about what they say is a huge buildup of Russian troops, tanks and artillery pieces along their border that could signal preparations for an invasion... Here we see a concentration of Russian armaments on our border, not some regular drills...**2017**September 13, 2017[Business Insider](https://www.businessinsider.com/what-we-know-about-the-100000-russians-going-to-natos-borders-2017-8)&gt Russia is about to kick off a major military exercise called Zapad on Thursday, which has some worried that it could be a "Trojan horse... the Washington Post cited US military estimates of 70,000 to 100,000 as taking part in the exercises... September 13, 2017[CNBC](https://www.cnbc.com/2017/09/13/russian-military-exercise-heightens-fear-of-troop-build-up-on-western-border.html)&gt Russia’s huge military exercise along its western border this week has increased nervousness among neighboring countries as well as straining relations with NATO... Lithuania and Ukraine have put the estimated figure at around 140,000 troops...**2016**August 15, 2016[Business Insider](https://www.businessinsider.com/this-map-shows-the-alarming-russian-military-buildup-encircling-ukraine-2016-8)&gt An ongoing Russian military build-up on Ukraine’s borders may indicate preparations for conventional military conflict. It certainly marks a dramatic escalation of tensions that will have significant repercussionsSeptember 1, 2016[Vox](https://www.vox.com/2016/9/1/12729426/russia-troops-ukraine-border)&gt Russia is sending tens of thousands of troops to military installations near its border with Ukraine and holding snap military drills, sparking fears that a Russian invasion is imminent... These fears are overblown...Ukraine’s armed forces now number some 250,000...**2015**May 28, 2015[Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-ukraine-crisis-russia-military/exclusive-russia-masses-heavy-firepower-on-border-with-ukraine-witness-idUSKBN0OC2K820150527)&gt Russia’s army is massing troops and hundreds of pieces of weaponry including mobile rocket launchers, tanks and artillery at a makeshift base near the border with Ukraine... Several [Russian] soldiers said they had been sent to the base for simple military exercises, suggesting their presence was unconnected to the situation in Ukraine.**2014**April 2, 2014[CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2014/03/28/world/europe/russia-ukraine-troop-buildup/)&gt  Both Kiev and Washington say that Russian forces are massing in large numbers near Ukraine's eastern border and that they represent a threat to Ukraine and potentially to other former Soviet states... Additional intelligence indicates that even more Russian forces are "reinforcing" the border region, according to U.S. administration officials, and all of the troops are positioned for potential military action... Russia, meanwhile, says it is simply conducting exercises in its southern and western military regions.June 19, 2014[Al Jazeera](http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2014/6/19/ukraine-truce-refused.html)&gt We now see a new Russian military buildup around the Ukrainian border. At least a few thousand more Russian troops are now deployed," Anders Fogh Rasmussen [NATO’s secretary-general] said during remarks at a London think tank.
You can't time the market, but the market can fuck you up for a very long time.I believe the Dow Jones stagnated throughout the 60s and the 70s and didn't recover its previous high for nearly 20 years (can't remember the exact figure, it's been a while since I read The Intelligent Investor). Are you really going to be ok with being in the red for that long? What if you are hitting retirement age in that window?"Market eventually rises" is a truism over an indefinite span of time that sometimes can extend longer than your investment horizon.
If you believe that is the case, sell for cash now and wait for the market to drop before buying back in. You don’t have to be rich to sell your stocks now expecting an even greater drop in the market.
You can’t time the market. r/bogleheads
I’ve been telling myself the same thing for a year and a half…
I think you are failing to realize what’s happening.  A war in Russia, even a “short” one of 4-6 months, could terribly destabilize the commodity markets, especially energy.With inflation already rocketing to multi-decade highs, a squeeze on energy prices will shoot it even higher.  You think 7% inflation is bad?  What about a energy crisis pop to 10% by summer?Thus, rates will have to rise dramatically to cool the inflation even if that aspect of inflation will be more or less transitory.That’s why the markets are dropping, and it’s for good reason. It’s reaction to what would happen to interest rates.  It’s NOT about panicking simply due to uncertainty.
Yeah, there have already been several reports about how this is affecting gas prices.
Why do these stupid comments get upvoted Russia is like the second largest producer of O&ampG on the planet. A war would obviously have major implications for the global commodity market
I’ll wait to purchase any more stock then until dips completely like it did in 2020
Basically rich people will make more money markets will drop and people's stop losses will be triggered then within 3-6 months rich people buy cheap and goes back to original price
People see past your both sides propaganda after 2016.  Cut it out.
Just spending money while sounding like they know what they're doing... Hopefully the plebs don't ask too many questions
&gtUntil the 70s the US had top marginal tax rates up to 90% so history disagrees with your assessment.Effective tax rate paid by top earners was around the same levels its at today. It's almost like we had completely different structures that didn't get applied in apples to apples comparison to today's rates.  An example of this is Eisenhower was paid $6 million for writing his book "Crusade in Europe", but instead of being treated as income he claimed it as capital gains and only paid the 25% short term cap gains rate.[https://taxfoundation.org/income-taxes-on-the-rich-1950s-not-high/#:\~:text=In%20the%201950s%2C%20the%20top,20.7%20percent%20as%20of%202014](https://taxfoundation.org/income-taxes-on-the-rich-1950s-not-high/#:~:text=In%20the%201950s%2C%20the%20top,20.7%20percent%20as%20of%202014).&gtIn the 1950s, the top 0.1 percent of households faced average effective income tax rates of 21.0 percent, versus 20.7 percent as of 2014.It's pretty well documented that as marginal rates went up in the US, so did tax avoidance.
&gtRaising rates makes treasuries pay higher interest which results in more money creation by the Federal Government in the MMT model.Lol what even is this comment. The fed doesn't raise rates on the whole curve. Raising rates has a whipping effect on long run of the curve. The government borrows on a WAM of 7-8 years. Fed raising overnight would lower long run inflation and lower long run interest rate expectations brining 10's and 30's down. This is why you see yield curve inversions right as the economy heats up (higher inflation) but tenuous growth. Fed responds to inflation on the short end of the curve while the longer end prices in lower growth from higher rates and lower inflation, thus 2s/10s and 5s/30s spreads will run negative.JFC, this is rates markets 101.
A blog post from someone who is too scared to put their name to their own work? Get this garbage out of this sub.
Right, and Republicans are paragons of morality and ethical behavior.No wonder we're so screwed - the Republicans can actively try to sabotage nearly everything and people will default to blaming Democrats, if only because they couldn't stop it.
MMT doesn't prefer using interest rates to mitigate inflation, taxation is the preferred method.Raising rates makes treasuries pay higher interest which results in more money creation by the Federal Government in the MMT model.
Can’t do it without 60 votes unless they want to blow their one shot of getting anything through reconciliation on it. Thank the guys holding the senate hostage that refuse to compromise for that.
MMT as a theory doesnt exist because no one is willing to take credit for the negative externalities
Too late there. It’s hard to practice Keynesian economics anyway as-is when one group screeches about raising taxes or rates during booms and refuses to add fuel to the fire when it busts. Can’t really run an economy with half of it refusing to act.
MMT requires taxation. Nobody is doing MMT. They are just spending money
Turning MMT into CRT for economics. Soon people are going to start accusing mainstream economists of “practicing MMT” for enacting Keynesian policies
Morgan Stanley Relationships on Wall Street Snared in ProbeDOJ seeks info on executives at Citadel, Element and others Names show probe’s scope but don’t indicate they’re targetsGillian TanFebruary 17, 2022, 9:22 PM CSTEver since his arrival after university in 2004, Pawan Passi has worked the phones inside Morgan Stanley, rising to become a chief communicator with investors buying and selling big blocks of stock, a business the bank dominates on Wall Street.Then in November, his chair suddenly went empty at Morgan Stanley’s headquarters overlooking Times Square, and the whispers began spreading. The bank had put Passi on leave. The feds were poking around.Indeed, Morgan Stanley and Passi are intertwined in a sprawling U.S. probe into whether bankers are improperly tipping off investors to stock sales large enough to send prices swinging, according to people with knowledge of the inquiries. Block trading is one of few Wall Street businesses where relationships still drive the flow of deals -- and now the ties spanning a wide range of firms are getting picked apart by investigators. No one has been accused of wrongdoing.“The equity capital trading universe is one of the last realms of the super-high-end wining and dining worlds in finance,” said James Koutoulas, chief executive officer of Typhon Capital Management, noting he has misgivings about the deals that can result.Passi’s frequent phone contacts and some of Morgan Stanley’s key clients are among a roster of more than a dozen executives at other investment firms and banks whose communications are being scooped up by the Justice Department for scrutiny, according to people with knowledge of the matter. In some cases, authorities are seeking access to online chats, mobile phone texts, emails and messages sent by apps, the people said, asking not to be named discussing the confidential demands.The list of people whose communications are being sought ranges from executives at prominent Wall Street hedge funds, such as Andrew Liebeskind at Citadel’s Surveyor Capital and Jon Dorfman at Element Capital Management, to money managers at smaller firms focusing on block trades, including executives at CaaS Capital Management and Islet Management, and a former employee at Segantii Capital Management, the people said.Bankers include Felipe Portillo, a risk executive within Credit Suisse Group AG’s equity capital markets group, Michael Daum, a partner at Goldman Sachs Group Inc., and Michael Lewis, the head of U.S. equities cash trading at Barclays Plc, the people said. Lewis worked at Morgan Stanley until 2018.The list of names doesn’t necessarily indicate their centrality to the probe, but is indicative of the broad net that’s been cast by regulators and prosecutors mapping out block-trading activities on Wall Street. Not every firm or executive named has been contacted directly by investigators.Representatives for the firms either declined to comment or didn’t respond to messages seeking comment on behalf of the executives. A spokesperson for the Justice Department also didn’t respond to requests for comment.Company LiferThe inquiries from investigators show they’re interested, in part, in whether any money managers placed well-timed bets before block trades that have the power to drive down prices, according to the people. Even then, it’s unclear who, if anyone, might be suspected of leaking any material non-public information or acting on it.Inside Morgan Stanley, Passi is described as well liked and usually low key -- not the archetypal Wall Street hothead. The 38-year-old is a lifer at the company, joining in the U.K., transferring to the U.S. in 2008 and even meeting his wife at the bank. During lulls, he’s known to talk soccer as a fan of Liverpool FC.Authorities have been going over recordings of his phone calls, Bloomberg reported earlier this week. They’re also scrutinizing communications involving at least three of his colleagues at Morgan Stanley: Evan Damast, its global head of equity and fixed-income syndicate, John Paci, a senior equities trading executive, and Charles Leisure on the syndicate desk. They and Passi haven’t responded to messages seeking comment.Read more: Recordings of Morgan Stanley’s Passi examined in U.S. probeBlock trading has grown increasingly competitive, and it’s all the more difficult when markets sell off, as they have in recent months. Price declines make current shareholders disinclined to unload slugs of stocks, leaving fewer opportunities for banks and the enthusiastic buyers who covet the offerings.For smaller hedge funds focused on block trades, such as CaaS Capital, good relationships with banks are all the more crucial, providing access to a stream of opportunities. The firm talks up its efforts to work with partners in its online job postings.“CaaS feels strongly in providing liquidity -- Capital as a Service -- to our partners,” the firm writes in its boilerplate for applicants. Employees “pursue this objective with great vigor and energy.”That job requires a lot of capital. While CaaS’s net assets were $650 million as of January, according to a person familiar with the firm, it uses lots of borrowed money. Last year, the firm oversaw about $5 billion, including leverage, its latest regulatory filing shows.Maintaining productive relationships with banks is a balancing act: Bankers need buyers willing to take hard-to-place shares. And those buyers have to decide whether the risk of buying them -- and losing money -- is worth it for staying in the flow and a potentially juicier deal in the future. Festering ComplaintsMatt Levine's Money Stuff is what's missing from your inbox.We know you're busy. Let Bloomberg Opinion's Matt Levine unpack all the Wall Street drama for you.The Securities and Exchange Commission, which is conducting its own parallel inquiry, has been concerned for years about potential abuses in the highly secretive world of block trading. But executives overseeing block trading privately express doubts that authorities will find anything amiss. Talks with investors about block trades often occur in legal gray areas, with bankers routinely canvasing prospective buyers about their hypothetical interest in specific stocks but taking care not to leak deals that are actually in the works. Among investors, complaints have long festered. Many fund managers grouse that they may be missing out on stock allocations in popular initial public offerings because bankers are more focused on cultivating relationships with longer-term investors or with other clients willing to buy into block trades. “The banks might save the best opportunities for their best revenue-generating clients,” said Typhon’s Koutoulas, who doesn’t participate in block trades and wants banks to find an alternative method for parceling out hot IPOs. “If you’re a hedge fund and you have the right banking relationship, you may get favorable allocation.”Sellers offloading blocks have long expressed frustrations about prices that slip just before the trade is executed, which reduces their proceeds. As the biggest block trader, Morgan Stanley is a favorite topic of scorn by envious rivals, where a declining stock price before a deal is sometimes derided as “the Morgan Stanley fade.”Explainer: What Block Trades Are and Why the SEC’s Investigating— With assistance by Katherine Burton, Christian Berthelsen, Sonali Basak, Crystal Tse, Matt Robinson, Tom Schoenberg, and Dan Reichl
There is something fundamentally wrong with it, it fails to account for human behaviour within the system. The idea of spending extra in bad times and cutting the spending in good times is great except political incentive structures don’t work that way. Raising taxes to pull extra cash out of the system isn’t a bad idea, except that no politician wants to run on the concept of raising taxes, and even less want to actually increase them when in office.The theory is fine, except that human behaviour will never really follow it, thus, it’s not fine at all.
The part no one talks about in MMT:  The theory suggests raising interest rates to match inflation as necessary and only increase government spending when inflation is low.  This is because too much gov spending can create inflation, so there needs to be a balance.
Dum dum dum dum….
This has literally nothing to do with this sub
Finance huh
The fed is not the government/administration.
A savings account would be a legit investment vehicle... I'm old enough to rember when it was like 8 percent at my local bank
Ant there's never been a time with such low rates and such humongous mortgage volumes.If (and that's a big if, admittedly) the housing market crashes, the downturn has the potential to be very, very severe.
But today there's the hidden third Fed mandate that Volcker didn't have: S&ampp 500 must go up.
Yeah. My house payment is lower for a home I wasn't planning on leaving.IdgAf what it's worth on paper.
Considering he said it was a refi, there's a good chance his home value could drop by that much and still be worth more than he paid. Also, per the Fed, there's only been three occasions since 1964 where the average value of a home had a drop which lasted a year or more.
[deleted]
Pretty sure this guy is short the market
Could you imagine, 18%…today?
feeling kinda smug we refinanced back when rates were low af
There's a bit more to it than what our friend is saying. Growth stocks become less viable, because the risk free rate rises. Since that increases, there are other safer investments that become viable. Less incentive to make risky bets pushes investors towards fundamentals and less hypotheticals. This is less targeting your typical wsb investor and more institutional investors and savvy retail investors planning for the long run. The S&ampP has already priced in a lot of this with growth stocks struggling and companies like AAPL, Microsoft, and Amazon carrying the index. Incentive to save comes from a few things, it's both consumer and business side. Our current interest rates are historical lows and politics aside, they shouldn't have been this low for so long. It's part of the reason we're in this mess now. Yeah, higher interest rates will slow growth for businesses, but frankly the supply chain problems that are fueling demand wouldn't get fixed via cheaper loans in the short term. Factories and such take a long time to plan, build, and staff. Higher interest rates mean you'll think twice before buying that new car, house, etc. If you have a floating interest rate for anything, you'll feel it in your pocket. You won't be chomping at the bit for more credit because it is more expensive. Plus, your employer won't be opening up a new branch/venture so odds of you bringing home more pay decreases. The latter is also a bit of a fallacy at this point.   If you look at what the companies did with Trump's big tax cut, it wasn't expansion. That's what they promised, but most of it went towards things like stock buybacks. At the end of the day, leadership is beholden to the shareholders. If the roi isn't there, why build  the new factory? You can achieve the same impact on company value via buybacks and dividends.
And now they will never be above 2% again
I'm no expert, but I think this could be going way past 2%, and I'm not amused.
They should have never dropped below 2%
Inflation = prices keep rising, need to spend more for the same goodsraising interest rates = more incentive to save, less spending, price of those same goods decreasesraising interest rates = companies cant get loans at the same cheap interest rate so growth stocks become less financially viable and stocks with good balance sheets hold up better
It’s about demand and slowing the pace of demand, essentially putting the economy in a recession, no time in history has there been inflation this high without a recession following
There isn't a shortage. Do you think for such a desired industry like IB, the ones who leave won't immediately be replaced by someone else? Everyone wants to be a banker, some people don't mind the conditions when they see the compensation.[https://www.economist.com/finance-and-economics/evidence-for-the-great-resignation-is-thin-on-the-ground/21806659](https://www.economist.com/finance-and-economics/evidence-for-the-great-resignation-is-thin-on-the-ground/21806659)But IB has been historically always under-staffed - that's why you see the horror stories of analysts being overworked. If banks would hire more analysts, they wouldn't be so overworked as individual workload would decrease. But that has really not been the tradition. It really doesn't happen. IB maintains its prestige by being very selective in the number of people they hire.
I had a douche from Goldman Sachs come out my university and he flat out said they only hire from the top 10 schools in the country. I was like then why are you here? He also said everyone should save half their paycheck once they start working as if that’s super easy for most people
&gt Wall Street and Main StreetThis article is about the UK...
Honestly feels like hitting a brick wall sometimes coming from a non target
Top boomer joke.
Shortage of IBers globally = high retention and signing incentives
and as the article touches on these bonuses have filtered down through the process of corporate acquisition deals.  The word, "banker" is far too generalised which I guess is what the media want.  My own bills etc are going up which means my self employed pay is being squeezed.  I won't be getting angry and other people who happen to be in a sector that is having a successful year.
&gt the bankers have exacerbated with low rates and QE.The bankers at private banks have exactly zero control over rates and QE. The government institute of The Bank of England sets that policy. This is just private firms paying their employees well, nothing more.
Yeah, me and my wife started using sand dollars instead. Fewer fees.
Such a world of that 10% group, we permit to let the sociopaths and psychopaths control.
Dude sounds like a wanker
56%, since it compounds
All to the backdrop of the Bank of England asking the common folk not to ask for large pay rises, in order to combat the largest rate of inflation in the UK for 30 years, that the bankers have exacerbated with low rates and QE.With the current cost of living crisis squeezing households across the country, they are risking a financial crisis spiraling into a more widespread societal one.
This sounds like a prime example skepticflation
3.8% annualized is 45.6%
&gt How the fuck do people not realize semiconductors work on long lead manufacturing cycles?This is one of those times where the sad decline of this sub is clear to see. We're talking about a multi-billion, multi-year turn-around strategy and one of the top comments is "just get it done".
He said gross revenue, not profit. Right?
The economy is stagnant for the bottom half but booming for the top half.  I noticed supplies are much better now at Walmart in my weekly visit.  California just unmasked and the weather has been good most of the time so the top half will be going crazy buying at exorbitant prices soon.  The bottom half will just keep suffering hoping for another stimulus check and a place to live.  Sorry to sound crass about life.  I am smarting from the correction in the markets, feeling poor again.
Read BY shaggy, meesta bombastic
She was hired in 2014. Ryzen did come out til 2017. Gelsinger was hired 1 year ago.How the fuck do people not realize semiconductors work on long lead manufacturing cycles?
Lmao, Gelsinger and Intel has absolutely no need for tapping equity. What the fuck even is this comment. They have $20bn in free cash flow. They have $30bn in cash like and liquid current assets. They have massive capacity for investment grade debt (capacity for another $35bn before they start approaching investment grade limits on debt to ebitda at &lt4%).He’s not talking about how Wall Street evaluates them because they are needing capital sources lmao. How fucking naive
"The increase was 3.8% month over month, the biggest gain since March. But the number is not adjusted for inflation"lol, what a boom
Tomorrows headline “economic indicators: mega bidenflation”
Just making shit up at this point. We are fucked.
this rise can be co-related to the Insane profit takings by the top 10% in the past 16 months, added to it was the backlog due to supply chain issues. this is my interpretation.
Intels lackadaisical approach to their product development is what allowed AMD to gain back market share. Once AMD followed through with their promises on keeping the AM3 and AM4 platforms relevant for multiple years, while continuously improving the performance and refining their manufacturing processes. Consumers began to bail on old blue pretty quickly and for good reason.It’s a Cinderella story for the ages.
Jesus, is that shit true. That's actually hilarious that they're in this position now.
It doesn’t. Never said that. Simply saying that Gelsinger would like to be able to tap equity more and is finding it relatively difficult when their P/E is less than 10. Also AMD is not a foundry, so while they needed R&ampD spend the CapEx that Intel is spending now was never AMD’s problem (it was TSMC’s). Instead, their concern was (and is) with OpEx.
She’s great but still took years to turn around AMD
Don’t tell me Intel has less resources than AMD did.
If by the new old Intel, they are referring to the Intel that knowingly incremented CPU performance improvements by 5%-10% per release due to no market pressure from competitors? That old Intel? Or would it be the old Intel who had the ability to expand core count on their highest end consumer platform chips, but waited for a competitor to expand core count before falling over themselves to re-release their current 14nm chips with the aforementioned standard 5-10% performance increase with expanded core counts? That old Intel?Better hire Lisa, Su.
Intel lied, quarter after quarter after quarter, for almost ten years.Boo f**kin hoo.
Difficult to do when the strategy takes years and tens of billions of USD. He literally can’t just get it done- it takes time.In the meanwhile the street undervaluing vs competitors makes it more difficult for him to tap equity markets to pay for said strategy. He’ll then have to spend more cash or go into debt markets more than he likely wanted to which makes the strategy more difficult to achieve as it becomes more expensive. He’s essentially saying don’t shoot him in the foot before he has a chance to get off the starting block.
High capex is great if youre actually getting a good return on it.
Exactly! Stop crying like a toddler with a skinned knee and just get it done. The easiest way to shut up skeptics is to prove them wrong.
He's an amazing CEO, but as Lisa Sue said roughly 10 years ago, "It takes 10 years in the CPU space to see a plan come to fruition." (Paraphrasing.)Basically, he needs to continue to be an amazing CEO for many years before his bigger policies take effect.
It’s not that simple. For one, meeting with public investors is a huge part of a public company CEO’s job. He likely has to answer the same negative leaning questions quarter after quarter on investor calls, at conferences, etc. I can see how it would get old after a while, especially when you feel you’ve made a lot of progress on your plan but aren’t being given credit for it.Second, public company CEO’s success is for better or worse measured by stock performance. If the stock underperforms, the CEO’s job is on the line. He is probably wary of losing his job during the transition period because public investors don’t have confidence in his clearly articulated turnaround.
If he was really that confident in his plan he would sit back and let the shorts get burned over time instead of cry about how unfair the market is
The solution to this problem would be to execute the comeback.
I think it’s kinda natural for your financials to look worse when you’re spending so much CAPEX. And I think it will probably continue to slide as a bunch of the actual spending hasn’t happened yet. Of course this will make the stock decrease in the short term.Losing market share is big concern but I think people underplay how strong a company needs to be (as well as how confident) if they’re spending numbers that end in a B on their future. Personally, I like the discount and it’s nice to have some blue sky for the long-term play.
The thing is, he needs an actual plan
In a Bloomberg Television interview, **Gelsinger acknowledged that Intel’s comeback won’t happen overnight but slammed Wall Street analysts for sticking to a negative view. The executive said he’s “p---ed” off at what he calls perma-bears.** But Gelsinger believes that others are getting excited about the company restoring its prowess and creating “the new old Intel.”
He was wrong on Tariffs, but lets not forget that was a definite position of most labor unions and the Democratic party for quite some time.It was also the position of Republicans that tariffs were bad.Amazing to see the ideals flipping back and forth!
The producers price index has consistently been greater than the consumer price index.I think the biggest factors are 1. what /u/rainman_95 said which boils down to scarcity/uncertainty and price rigidity (if people keep buying at higher prices why lower them?)2. input prices (producer prices) are rising faster than consumer prices, so, either corporations lower their profit margins or they raise prices. Clearly you raise prices first and only stop raising prices if/when demand falls. But US consumers are still sitting on an extra $4T in their checking accounts so it's unlikely demand will fall soon. So, you keep raising prices.
Yup, They realized product was still selling at the higher prices so best to just keep them inflated.
With that logic: the orange monster drink I like cost $2.99 before pandemic, now it is still $2.99. So you’re right Fed is lying. There is no inflation.
Inflation is an average not a direct modifier on all prices evenly
Milton Friedman said: “Inflation is always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon, in the sense that it is and can be produced only by a more rapid increase in the quantity of money than in output.”The Fed printed this problem, and the only way out is to suck up the liquidity in the system.
Imagine what a world of shit we would've been in if they all spent every last dollar of earnings for the last on share buybacks instead of capex and keeping larger cash reserves. We should be counting our blessings for their restraint.
Owning its own debt is how money is created- they release bonds with a rate of return, then buy it with debt to inject the capital, and pay it off later, increasing the cost of money. Saying that inflation is the result of owning too much debt is just explaining what inflation is.But the debt doesn’t disappear. Those bonds still need repayment. Hence we are seeing both staggering debt and staggering inflation.
The US owns too much of its own debt.  Raising rates too high will bankrupt itself.  Inflating it’s own debt away is the strategy.
The sources of inflation are not well understood at this point in time. I can say that with confidence because the experts thought (or at least said they thought) that inflation would be transitory, and the federal reserve keeps having to drastically readjust their plans.To you second point, corporate profits are complicated as it relates to inflation. If inflation increased for whatever reason, it would result in increased corporate profits unless those corporations deliberately decided to reduce their profit margins. Imagine a company that has as their only expense workforce labor. Due to inflation, they decide to give their whole workforce a raise equal to inflation. So if they paid $100 last year for each widget made, now they are paying $107. Meanwhile, they want to maintain the same profit margin. If they used to sell the product for $150, that would have been a 33% margin. To maintain that margin with $107 costs, they need to charge $160.50. Therefore, profit increased from $50 to $53.50.However, the reverse is also possible. If companies decided to charge more first, then they might raise the price to $160.50, making a $60.50 profit. In the long run, that can actually drive inflation and cause their costs to rise too, and the final state is similar to the first example.Yet further, there's also the possibility that margins have increased, but it's not because of corporate greed. If they used to sell 1000x units at $150, but now they are only able to sell 500x units, then supply and demand means the price will go up. In some markets, the price increase can actually more than make up for the volume change, meaning margins and total profits both go up! However, that's economically driven, not due to a corporation trying to manipulate the situation. A good example of this is the oil market, this is why OPEC has an incentive to restrict supply - a small decrease in supply sends prices skyrocketing because oil is so essential to the function of economies, and the result is an increase in profits and margins for the corporations. The same exact thing could happen from an accidental supply disruption.Basically, it's very complicated.
That doesn’t explain why services prices as well as stuff like wood, food, oil, chemicals and producer prices in general are rising
This is more of a economics question, but It’s most likely because corporations initially raised prices due to scarcity but are now able to keep the prices there and capture that “consumer surplus”, even though shortages are diminishing.
You’re not wrong and CNBC Is full of shit on this one and most anytime they talk about finance. The reason prices are up is mostly because of shipping and global supply chain problems in preliminary resource production. For example, silicon refining and extraction was down during the pandemic which is why computer parts are in short supply
Somebody educate me. Conventional wisdom seems to indicate inflation and rising prices is being driven by government spending and supply chain issues due to the pandemic. Basic supply and demand, with supply limited and supply costs rising businesses would need to adjust by raising costs to consumers. What I don't get, is if that is what is driving consumer prices up, then why are businesses, presumably impacted by supply issues, making record profits? Companies like, Exxon, Kroger, McDonalds, Starbucks, etc. Am I missing something or is simple corporate greed a major driver to higher consumer prices?
Don't hold your breath.
Gross. Authoritarian. And Dumb. Congrats on this take.
The only thing "routine" is people like you using words like "terrorist" or "nazi" to define someone whom you disagree with.
Absolutely My feelings don’t change magically based on the political affiliations of those doing something I think is wrong. I’m pro law and order, you don’t get a pass just because your cause aligns with a specific political group.
Just like Comcast has the "right" to pull internet service from people campaigning for net neutrality? Banks have monopoly power in most places, and Canadian banks probably the most in the Western world, largely as a result of being a highly regulated industry. We regulate, and have regulated, monopolies for over a century precisely because of these kind of abuses of monopoly power. That's not even touching how freezing accounts and refusing service are completely different. I can refuse to design your business's logo, but I can't take your money, then decide I'm "freezing" it because I don't like your politics.
Nonviolently standing against government=terrorism now? Jfc the next decades gonna be something
Freezing someone’s assets without due process is quite different than refusing service
That’s why there’s such a big push for digital money
Did you have the same energy during the summer of 2020 protests that shutdown highways and cities?
Yeah its crazy but sadly not new, visa paypal and mastercard have done stuff like this in the past too
I don’t understand. This is really creepy to me. Seems like a awful precedent to set. ‘We don’t like you so you no longer have access to your money’
Authoritarianism must be resisted
This is the important fact and at the end of the day im SO glad to see both sides coming to terms that this is wrong.
This is horrible. Wether or not you agree with the protests this is absolutely a violation of people’s own right to property and overstepping by both the banks and the canadian government. What a time we live in. Anyone who cheers this on is fucked in the head. Idc if its this or a blm protest, its THEIR MONEY.
Have a think back about the last two years- look at the  differing treatment of protestors based on what they are protesting.
“Limits to the first amendment which the government protects”: ‘free’ speech limited by the ideological whims of whomever holds office isn’t free speech, my  friend.
Hit even harder? They never got hit…
The Canadian government has already gotten GoFundMe and GiveSendGo to restrict millions of dollars in donations to going to the protestors
If blm protest are acceptable, so are these protests. Everyone can access their donations or no one can access their donations. Equality is important right?
I support the BLM cause but in my town there was lots of disruption. Highways were blocked mainly. But that’s part of protest as the cause of protests is to attract attention. But I think you kind of have to allow these independent of whether you support their cause. Otherwise we end up in some weird world where the government chooses what protests to allow or disallow. And that would likely make protest against the government difficult.So protesting police violence and protesting vaccines are super different causes but they have similar impact in that they are disruptive.
Xmr
Protest are supposed to be disruptive…
This won’t end well for TD. Regardless of what side you’re on with these protests most of us disagree with TDs move here
Ahhh so I your mind private companies should be able freeze the assets of people on the basis of race? Religion? After they all, they can “do what they want”.
Yup. No matter what you believe in deplatforming is not good
“Private” banks freezing the assets of civilians for disagreeing with the government. Really screams free and democratic society.
Btc needs to be converted to fiat eventually and because btc is a perfect record you can’t hide your trail effectively.
TD Ameritrade is owned by Charles Schwab
No, just riots and destruction.
You really think a bank should freeze your account because they don’t like your political beliefs? That’s the power corporations should hold over you?
While BLMs cause is just,  let’s not pretend those protests didn’t burn down police stations or wreck lots of private property that had no connection other than being in area of protest
I support them. No one needs to be told what to do. This is gov overreach plain and simple
So... how long before we have politically aligned banks? Because this is already happening with givesendgo and gofundme.
https://www.marketplace.org/2020/06/04/neighborhoods-where-stores-were-destroyed-become-food-deserts-overnight/
According to Wikipedia td bank not associated with td Ameritrade.
I think they ment the US dollar
Blocking a supply route is politics? How in ANY way is that compared to people protesting getting killed by police on camera? I’m lost in the whataboutism . Please educate me because you can’t be serious with that comment at all
[deleted]
Half of the point of the blockchain is that it creates a public ledger of transactions.  You might not be able to shut down crypto but it probably makes tracing the flow of dark money a lot easier.
The Ontario Supreme Court declared it an "illegal occupation". The illegal occupation law was created specifically to end these types of protests where protestors blockade highways and critical infrastructure. In the past, these types of protests were started by environmental groups and indigenous peoples typically against energy and major construction projects.
The line between unpopular opinion and criminal action can be very thin, and arbitrarily re-drawn at any time.
Depends on which side you’re protesting against.
Protesting the government is a crime now? Lol
What entity judged this money is crime money and how?The people giving their own money to fund others people food and gas money to protest is a crime?
Your solution is to steal their property?
Crypto it is then.
As a bank, you are not the judicial system
In Canada, because the Canadian Gov froze the funds. How is this tired to BLM in any way?
It's corporate hush money, be as sleezy a corporation as you like, just go along with the woke agenda
TD donated 10 million to BLM
I oppose censorship of any type... even against those I disagree with.
This is correct but Reddit isn’t mature enough to accept it.
This is the point of cryptocurrency. Can’t shut down Bitcoin.
More coverage at:*  [TD Bank freezes two accounts that received C$1.4 million in support of Canada protests (msn.com)](https://www.msn.com/en-ca/money/topstories/td-bank-freezes-two-accounts-that-received-cdollar14-million-in-support-of-canada-protests/ar-AATLWv9) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
Bet they never froze one associated with BLM.  If they don't like your politics you're toast.
I support the protesters
The Art of the Cuck
&gt These amendments, if adopted, would help ensure that whistleblowers are both incentivized and appropriately rewarded for their efforts in reporting potential violations of the law to the Commission,” said SEC Chair Gary Gensler. “The first proposed rule change is designed to ensure that a whistleblower is not disadvantaged by another whistleblower program that would not give them as high an award as the SEC would offer. Under the second proposed rule change, the SEC could consider the dollar amounts of potential awards only to increase the whistleblower’s award. This would give whistleblowers additional comfort knowing that the SEC could consider the dollar amount of the award only in such cases.”Seems like a good change. Important to make whistleblowing successful and root out violations.
Now, if they can consider criminal charges instead of “without admitting fault” settlements…. Or even double the profit of illegal activity as the baseline penalty…. (Too many “10billion illegal profits was settled for 20million without admitting fault”)
Lol... Right... And the Trump supporter who spends a majority of his time on Reddit spreading the good word about how bad vaccines are thinking he's got a zinger is really going to convince me that Trump didn't hurt China at all. [China wanted Trump to win again](https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2020/07/why-china-wants-donald-trump-win/613864/). [Article after article saying this](https://foreignpolicy.com/2020/11/03/chinese-public-convinced-trump-will-win-election-china/). At what point do you go, wow, maybe I should stop getting my news from Facebook memes and start living in reality? The dude was a lazy imbecile, a jester made king who tried to overthrow the government to keep his throne. He let all foreign policy slip while China spread it's influence. Super smart, bigly even.
Wouldn't that 4 year person have structured such an important deal so enforcement didn't rely on that one person being in power?
[deleted]
You really think he cares about you? Lol he wouldn’t piss on you if you were on fire.
Hahahahahah trump cared?? Haaahahahahah
But the so called “man” before Brandon with shady deals throughout China isnt beholden to them. Clown
World’s Greatest business man
It’s only phase 1, wait until you see phase 2
Almost like we were bullshitted for 4 years by a bullshitterShockedPikachu.jpg
The Art of the Deal"
Have to get ready for the zombie apocalypse.
I wonder if they include the fed rates increasing to 4+% in this stress test.
His disinformation campaigns apparently worked. I don’t think anything he’s tried to do legally has ever succeeded though.
Restatement (Second) of Contracts:(1) A promise is a manifestation of intention to act or refrain from acting in a specified way, so made as to justify a promisee in understanding that a commitment has been made.I’m sorry but I had to do it lol
Only the best deals.
Another great Trump deal.
*There were many reasons for its failure. The trade war that preceded the trade pact, finalized in Jan. 2020, meant that U.S. goods exporters started from a hole, Bown said.**Another reason for the failure was the fatal crash of two Boeing jets, that led the U.S. airplane to maker to halt 737 Max production and led China to cancel orders.**The pandemic was another big factor, as it slammed services exports, as well as travel and education.*
Because inflation is not based off of pork chop sales single-handedly…….
I think you mean 4.5% salary deduction.Let them know your effort will also decrease 4.5%.
A promise is not a commitment.
Why would anyone trust DT?
Why would anyone trust communists?
More coverage at:*  [China bought none of the $200 billion it promised from the U.S. in phase-one trade deal, study reveals (msn.com)](https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/markets/china-bought-none-of-the-dollar200-billion-it-promised-from-the-us-in-phase-one-trade-deal-study-reveals/ar-AATHmOa) *  [China not living up to committments it pledged under Trump trade deal (news.yahoo.com)](https://news.yahoo.com/china-not-living-committments-pledged-220025100.html) *  [US Promises to Make China Account for Trade-Deal Miss (stripes.com)](https://www.stripes.com/theaters/us/2022-02-10/us-china-trade-deal-accountability-4937947.html) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
Actually that‘s Merkel‘s fault. Even now that she‘s out of office she still screws Europe over /s
I honestly might just go house poor and buy when my lease ends in December. I’d rather lock in a payment at this point and suffer for a bit but eventually get cushier.
Seems much higher than 7.5% at least with groceries and rent, kind of nervous when the lease is up anyone else?
Core inflation excludes food and energy prices... core inflation is 6% ... still meaningful
Anti-trust rules not enforced.  Corporate profits at all time high. 🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️
Well, yeah, he is. The US is massively opposed to the Nordstream projects which is reducing gas supply to most of Europe, driving up prices.Not to say that I disagree with reducing Russian influence, but still.
His brown hole.
For 3 months before the oil price crashed to $20
EU is at 5.2%You decide if the U.S. being 2.3% higher is statistically significant. Keep in mind that prices were in deflation in the EU in 2020 while they rose 1.5% in the U.S.
oh nooo the stock market corrected to a high P/E from a very high P/E? Market corrections are part of a functioning market, and it is NOT a valid reason to accept double digit food inflation to save stocks and housing. I mean dear god can you imagine how horrible it would be if, during a pandemic, rents fell and food prices didn't go through the roof?
In the monthly CPI report there's a paragraph or two that dictate what measure they chose to use and leave out for the calculation.
Many countries didn’t pay stimulus checks but still suffer from the same inflation.
Damn that’s crazy - Joe Biden even makes Dutch energy pricier.    /s
Why?  Because the DOW would drop 2k points?  There is no reason they cannot stop it immediately.
Poor just become worse off and rich people watch their assets skyrocket
The market had an almost 10% fall in January due to SLOWING the QE.
gas prices were $4 in 2008... bad visual.
&gt During Trump we had heavy spending by the government for exampleHate to break it to you, but that heavy spending started prior to Trump. A lot prior.
You’re probably in Cali with new laws regarding treatment of hogs. That’s not inflation, that’s state laws changingNormal Pork chops do not cost $5.29/lb in a vast, vast majority of the US.
Keep in mind the measure they use to calculate inflation. They are missing some serious daily expenses in the calculation.
You can just say "Fuck Biden". No one gives a shit. It is not clever.
I get what you are saying.  Maybe loan is not the right word, but I get what you are saying.
That's why I left. 40% raise immediately. But then again even that isn't feeling like it will be enough at some point.
Worked at a billion dollar company. They were still handing out 3% raises like normal with record profits.
7.5%...Here in the Netherlands most of the inflation seems to be driven by energy prices. Energy prices has increased 90% yoy. Our energy bill has effectively doubled in a years time.
Correction: Inflation jumped an Average of 7.5 %!!! How the hell pork chops gonna go from $1.29 a lb to $5.29 a lb and inflation only went up 7.5%?
The Canadian central bank shut it off instantly, and it was fine. The Fed is just spineless.  Powell is too beholden to the markets. He'd rather subject people to crushing inflation than let the market fall 20%
And now we do not have heavy government spending?Youre talking out of your ass. Inflation is the fed’s fault. Biden and trump both are excess spenders.
Is Brandon your financial advisor?
Seems way higher &amp they’re dumbing these numbers down. Gas, food, rent, utilities, housing, autos, etc. have increased by much more than 7.5%. Do they think we’re idiots?
3% raise this year, fuckers
Your frustration is understandable, but is your company seeing and pocketing the inflated profits?  I feel like there are a lot of mom&amppop or midsized businesses that are just as screwed as the worker bees. And that 1% raise might be out of pocket with no additional revenue to support it.But yeah, someone is making bank because of demand and scarcity, and somehow that should be addressed with higher wages, appropriate taxation, something to help the rest of the economy.  Easier said than done.
What does this have to do with trump I genuinely want to hear this.
Isn’t this a global issue?
Price inflation is not the same as systemic inflation.
Price inflation is not the same as systemic inflation. You have to SLOW the QE over time, as they are doing. You can't just shut off the flow instantly.
Too many dollars chasing too few goods causes inflation.  Helicopter money, low rates, and restricted supply chains/manpower have resulted in this.  The feds are seeking to avoid a shock to the system so acting gradually and progress is measured in months.  Markets don’t like unexpected big changes to fiscal policy - if they bumped up rates by 5% it might temper inflation but would also vaporize the retirement accounts and equity built by million and millions of people.
GME apes are driving up the price of a company that STILL doesn’t make any money.  That’s like making a Pontiac G6 a collector car.  It might be “worth” whatever someone is willing to pay for it but eventually the world will recognize it is of little value and the price will amend accordingly.
Remember those stimulus checks?  They were loans, now we have to pay them back with a lot of interest.
What credibility does the fed even have at this point? They are letting this spiral out of control.I'm well aware that supply issues are partly to blame, but to sit on our ass at 0% rates while we are approaching double digit inflation is insane. At least stop QE, the fact they are still buying MBS and bonds, albeit at a lower pace than before, is bewildering.
Almost like it’s not Republicans vs Democrats.It’s always been the haves (rich, including ALL politicians) vs the have nots.The news likes to paint picture of the former.
It is both presidents faults. Biden passed about 1.9T in Covid spending, trump around 3.5. Supply chain issues began under trump and continued under Biden. So technically you could say it’s more trumps fault, especially considering his terrible handling of the virus leading to the pandemic being a lot worse than it should have been, but Biden has to take some blame as well
Quite
From where I'm standing its both President's faults, Biden just kept doing the same shit. Unless there is something you can enlighten me on? Everyone wants to act like its not the Fed's fault at the end of the day.
The only way to stay ahead of inflation is to jump companies every few years.  You’ll never get what market rate is if you stay with one company for years and years.
Time to search for another company and hold it over their heads if they don’t give you a raise.
I got a 1% raise last month...thanks company. Really makes me feel valued and motivated to go above and beyond.
Don’t forget the weighting changed for this CPI. Wonder what it was on a like/like basis.
...but will my company match that rate for my pay raise this year? Not a chance.
or brrrrrrr
The $620 doesn’t include housing costs. Add another $1,000 to get an apples:apples comparison. She’s certainly living a good life, but there’s not much fat built into her budget and she’s aging, so costs will go up.
The title is misleading. The board has required him to take a leave of absence while they conduct a leadership assessment. The irony is he could get fired too.
This would be a perfect commercial. Him laying off 900 employees in the meeting, booking a flight, and then putting his feet up on the beach. “Better.”
You can totally afford to retire one day!  Just move to Mexico!!Why does it feel like CNBC has been aggressively trying to condition working class people that they’ll need to leave the US???
He also got a 25 mil cash bonus not equity.
Dont normal loan officers get a % of the loan?
I think it was more the way they had structured their loan officers' pay and roles, trying something new for the industry. But obviously they let it go in far to long, to the point 900 jobs weren't salvageable.Glad he's 'taking some time'. I hope it's permanent.ETA: his post on blind was anonymous and later attributed to him. So add coward to the list.
Tears of joy.*
You telling me he’s gonna get paid for working less than 2 hours a day?  He’s stealing from his colleagues!
Paid time off
He could have not taken that raise he gave himself lmao
If your company has 900 employees only working 2 hours for that long, you're a shitty CEO and should be fired. Or this is just damage control for PR reasons/rant
Poor guy. I heard he cried after laying off those workers.
&gtIn a later post on the professional network Blind, Garg accused the fired employees of "stealing" from their colleagues and customers by being unproductive and only working two hours a day, according to Fortune , which confirmed those sentiments in a later interview with the CEO. In a December 7 letter addressed to the Better.com team, Garg apologized for the way he handled the layoffs, and for making "a difficult situation worse." He added, "I failed to show the appropriate amount of respect and appreciation for the individuals who were affected and for their contributions to Better," the letter reads.
Visa just wants to complain cause it doesn't get its skim off the top
Eh. My dispensary here in Michigan just has an ATM inside.  Dude tells me my total, the ATM charges me a $1 fee, I get my cash and pay them.  It’s extra steps, but it takes 30 seconds.My bank will refund like 5 ATM fees a month so it isn’t bad.  It really is the only time I use cash.
But the cartels are fine
It's everywhere you want to be... No, not *there*!
Sell the rip?
Yea it’s fine just don’t allow cigarettes vapes liquor beer wine or pharmaceuticals to be purchased with visa either. Or hear me out. Legalize it federally and quit ripping everyone off
Quite literally the opposite of a dip
I'm amazed I had to scroll so far to find this. These headlines are very misleading.
500%? Did you fail math?
Inflation is how you resolve the debt.  The invisible tax nobody has to vote for.
Welcome to the party! Where bill denominations are made up and the numbers don't matter!
Don’t forget groceries and utilities
I would love for shit to only be up 6.8% right now. Seems like stuff is way higher than that
Its not about being able to maintain superiority in a head to head fight scenario.  What really costs the US money is the logistical capabilities, plenty of countries have strong armies that could give the US genuine competition, but where the US wins is any engagement lasting more than a few months because of our ability to move hundreds of thousands of tons of supplies over night.  If you've noticed in the fine print of the coverage of Frances engagement in Mali, it always notes that its US airforce logistical support enabling them, no other country has the logistical capability of the US military.
EU to hit 4.4 as well.
For anyone wondering, the 6.8% is year-over-year. The dollar didn't lose 6.8% of value in November alone.
Without getting into too much detail…Essentially, if you own assets (stocks, real estate, etc..) you’ll be surfing that freshly-printed money wave.If you’re a wage slave with no assets, everything is going to get considerably more expensive and life will be even more difficult because your boss won’t give you a 6.8% raise this year.
There is a stupid comment in this thread but it’s not the one you’re replying to…The US spends more on its military than the next X countries *combined*, most of whom are allies (X changes year to year, it’s currently 19 I believe).It can definitely spend less on it’s army and still have military superiority over everyone, including it’s allies.
And we all got raises high enough to account for real estate going up 25% in the last year, used car prices going up 28%, and rents going up 14%.
For a bond investor inflation is essentially the same thing as a default.If you have a $1 treasury and they repay you 90 cents on the dollar... it is exactly the same as them printing a bunch of money, the dollar losing 10% of its value, and then paying you the full dollar.Either way, your purchasing power is going down 10%, the loss is real, and you are buying less stuff.
Probably already there... you can't have normal interest rates with an abnormal amount of debt. If interest rates went to 5% which is historically normal, then with 30 trillion in debt it would cost 1.5 trillion per year just for the interest. That is roughly equivalent to the income tax collected every year.The only way they could absorb that would be massive government spending cuts, massive tax increases, or massive inflation from more debt issuance\money printing.
Well the US literally cant default (all the debts are paid in USD, which the US treasury controlled the supply of via T-bills) so I doubt we'll see that any time soon. The fed literally must cash any check or bond the government gives it by law.
good thing we all got 6.8% raises right?
This was in line with the consensus forecast title should be changed.
Yes. BOOM 💣
The implications of a little inflation after years of lower than desired inflation? Nonplussed Wall Street, unhappy Main Street.
Buy the dip
Wait till the debt is unserviceable then you’ll watch real fireworks!
&gt So you’re definitely his policies, 11 months in and the country is in compliance I'm not American, I'm just pointing out that you're a moron from afar. English is your first and only language but you can barely string two sentences together. Stop it.
Most of the money ends up in the pockets of CEOs and foreign politicians that need bribing
Lol so will conservatives finally admit that the military is a giant jobs program?
At what cost? The pentagon can't say no to F22's because some senator can't allow a factory to stop making them. Then we sell the to Saudi Arabia and they bomb the fuck out of Yemen. On and on.
It's not entitlements to pay for services that tax payers benefit from. The military industrial complex does nothing to benefit the people of the United States.
I-bonds currently yield a risk free 7.12%
The market is an all time high.
Basic: having an emergency fund (at least) in cash insulates one from having to take on debt or liquidate assets in a downturn.
How about starting with no QE in the first place to pump assetd since it does nothing for the real economy? Or how about now raising rates and removing the stimulus and yes that will cause a massive hangover. But its better then getting full on liver failure. How about that?
Government- ‘The economy is booming!’
Taper their monthly asset purchases more aggressively and lift interest rates.
[deleted]
Government spending is out of control. $768 billion for one year of war funding when there's no war. Insane.
What would you like the Fed to do?
Looking Very good USA! On pace with us south american nations! - *Impressed Brazilian*
Sure. I mean this isn’t investing, it’s speculating. And so is buying gold, to be clear.Investments entitle you to some stream of cash flows, explicitly or implicitly - rent payments, bond payments, dividends, a share of a company’s earnings, etc. Speculating is buying something in the hopes that it’s price will appreciate without any other return on investment.When monetary policy is loose, asset prices are appreciating across the board and inflation is high, speculating has a tendency to be profitable. When the tide goes out, you get absolutely clobbered.
In my bank!
I have a lot of money in the bank.....where to put it?
Sure, you just need a lot of storage space and the time and effort it takes to sell it online and send it to the buyers.
&gt	Investing in Lego is more lucrative than gold, art and wine, according to a study.&gt	It found that the market for secondhand Lego rises in value by 11% annually, which it says is a faster and better rate of return than gold, stocks, bonds, stamps and wine.&gt	**Researchers at the Higher School of Economics in Russia said that there could be lucrative gains to be made from investing in “more unusual goods whose purchase might seem less serious”, such as Lego sets, Barbie dolls, superhero mini figures, or model cars and trains.**Break out those Beanie Baby collections, they must be worth something now /s
Biden Administration Orders That Land Seized by Trump for Border Wall be Returned to FamilyThere FTFY
Renren’s team knew that their social media site was dying, so they started doing VC investing and started their own side ventures (basically trying to take the Masayoshi Son approach), all while being a publicly traded company. As they increased their portfolio, the SEC started to notice. However, Renren isn’t registered / don’t report to the SEC as a VC. I don’t know why but they never intended to become a registered VC. Maybe it would look weird for a public company to pivot and become a VC? So they sold their portfolio holdings to a separate, private company that they own (Oak Pacific). They sold it for a huge discount off market price, but to be fair most of their portfolio cos are dead today. Only SoFi and FiscalNote became unicorns. Tldr In order to avoid the SEC they (public co) sold their SoFi stake to a privately held company. Idk about the nuances why but it happened, then SoFi became a unicorn, and investors are pissed.
Fucking hell. Renren… That’s a word I haven’t heard in years! Thought the site was dead long time ago.
Second comment! Doesn't the OP know we don't open articles and demand a synopsis?
First comment! I have no idea what’s going on.
If the goal is to create more racism, more division and strife, reparations are a great way to do so.  So the question then becomes, what will be the true financial costs of such?
I'm white af and still poor
Spot on.  I’ve been following their macro and FICC research for years… it’s almost always been more profitable to do the opposite.  This isn’t necessary due to anything malicious, but rather how they forecast - if very thing goes as planned x will happen and that means y.  The thing is, the world doesn’t always stick to a playbook.
Glad to see your date is a fiscally informed individual. Pulling out now is a smart move.
&gtDec 9 (Reuters) - The United States will on Friday put Chinese artificial intelligence company SenseTime on an investment blacklist, the same day it prices its Hong Kong initial public offering (IPO), the Financial Times reported, citing three people familiar with the decision. On Wednesday, the U.S. House of Representatives passed legislation to ban imports from China’s Xinjiang region over concerns about forced labor. SenseTime was placed on a U.S. commerce department blacklist in 2019 and the company said at the time the ban was imposed that it strongly opposed the U.S. trade restrictions and would work with relevant authorities to resolve the situation.
That's what my date said.
Global disaster incoming then.
You misspelled won’t
“Full global recovery” and “public equity markets increase” are not mutually inclusive statements.A sustained recovery of 4+% growth with 3+% sustained inflation would result in a compression on equity valuations.
Cost of doing business. If we can’t put people in jail they will keep doing it.
Time to buy puts.
What in the hell is a “retail level job”? Are you one of those people who thinks anyone over 19 working any essential retail or food service job is a loser who deserves to suffer? Or do you just feel the need to look down on someone?Im not a teenager. I’m in any mid 20s, have a good job, own my own home, have a sizeable stock and crypto portfolio, and I understand a thing or two about economics seeing as a majored in it. Yet, I have empathy for people who are different and have had a different life path than me. I recognize that, even if they don’t require a special education or genius intellect, retail jobs need to be done and there is no reason the people doing them should be food insecure or afraid they can’t pay rent or medical bills.  I was always told that’s just basic human decency growing up, but I guess basic decency has been off the menu for the American right wing for quite some time now.
&gt 12M BailoutTry a $25 Billion bailout in 08. $12M is peanuts.
Just like the jelly of the month club! Right, Clark?
The fed has entered the chat
JPM didn’t mention anything in this article about them paying [$500MM fine](https://mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKBN26K325) for manipulating the silver market two months ago. Ergo, the bubble continues.
Haha for realz. COVID is the gift that keeps giving.
So, we bout to have a recession then. Pull out.
So how can stock market go higher
That’s rather optimistic of them. I’m still getting my mad max gear ready to go though
The globe
Recovery for who?
Currently the Porsche family owns the holding company which indirectly controls the brand. Spinning of Porsche from VW would add another Porsche company below the holding company which would own the brand and possibly some other brands
All of those already exist right now.
We could have Porsche the brand, Porsche the company, Porsche the holding company, and Porsche the family by the end of this
No. VW Group as a whole is massively transitioning towards EVs and the most progressive German brand in that sense.This is about two things: Cash and valuation. Cash obviously for additional investments in the EV transition. Valuation simply to unlock value in the eyes of investors (I don't think they can mark-to-market on their own balance sheet under German law/IFRS, correct me if I'm wrong, but institutional investors will adjust their company valuation for the Porsche stock they hold).Also, mildly interesting: Porsche Automotive Holding SE is one of the largest shareholders of VW Group, who will now own Porsche stock.
Yea at least, possibly closer to 20 trillion if you compare it to RIVN
Interesting.I wonder if spinning off EV companies and then going bankrupt is how legacy auto will end?
Well using a Tesla metric for sales I’d say they are worth about 10 trillion.
Most useless guy in America.
Hey GG you know all about corruption, you came from Goldman Sacs, how about some real criminals  like Kenny and the rest of your buddies, that’s right they don’t arrest their own
This is a really detailed breakdown: https://twitter.com/chrisbloomstran/status/1399120502430515203?s=21
Seriously, huge red flags all over with his manipulated annual reports and all.
Just in time again Gary! I’m sure everyone who’s held Chamath’s SPAC’s would have loved these rules implemented *before* they lost a bunch of money.
Yesterday the fed said the pandemic was over as far as they were concerned. They would now be focusing on inflation. Meaning stock markets ready for a rally again for the next 10 years.Oh yeah and the housing market is about to crash under itself. But the fed doesn't 💅 care.
The giant swing continues.  This market seems nearly impossible to predict.  Has the entire concept of 'normal' or 'trend' started to disappear?  At least shift?
Roaring 20s? Will we also repeat the 30s?
At this rate, most people are forgetting what a bear market feels like.
I closed my home purchase with Better.com in August2021 and the title company was surprised that Better.com deal came through on time without major issues. I guess I was lucky.
The employee who 1.) spends more time with customers 2.) synergizes with coworkers
I quit without notice because of an abusive employer. They were like but in our manual it says you need to give a 2 week notice. I was like do you want to pay to train me for 2 more weeks? Made no sense.
Exactly, you get punished for being better at the job than your peers.I can resolve a technical issue in under 5 minutes on a single phone call. My peer needs to break off from the user, consult 3 other people, then eventually call the user back for more information, until they finally figure it out, logging 3 hours on the ticket.Guess who looks better when management wants to do a "metrics presentation?"
A PIP is when you fire someone. Layoffs are different from firing and often immediate.
Why pay salary if you care about how often someone works? That's on you.
Yeah, if your salaried employee can do what is needed of them in 2 hours a day, thats on management to know and fix (if they see it as a problem - that employee may have very special knowledge).
This is quite unfortunate. I did my refi with them, and at every touch point they were excellent. The customer service was stellar across the board. However, the entire time I was thinking, this is too good to be true. I ended up reducing my rate from 4% to 2.875% and it ended up costing me about $100 TOTAL, which led to me saving about $350 a month for the rest of my mortgage. Granted, I could've spent more to reduce my rate for 30 year down to 2.5, 2.375, 2.25, etc., etc....but the essentially free re-fi was the way to go. Another comment on this thread mentioned these types of companies are only great when rates are low, so this could be telling on what's to come.
&gtBetter.comApparently, it's another one of those "let's tech-fy " realestate websites! doesn't look like they got long to live anyway because the real tightening is not even starting yet!
That's the line that hit me. The statement was poorly prepared, but god what a tactless and tone deaf delivery.
How are the employees supposed to get educated about data that is not available to them? I am sure a random engineer can't just go perusing through everyone's payroll data to verify this.I turned down better a few months ago, and seeing the comments by Garg I am very happy I did. I wouldn't ever want to work for someone as obtuse as him.At the end of the day, it's a technology company in the hottest talent market in history. The amount of attrition they will get from ignorant leaders will be massive.
Companies do this so you cant sabotage anything on the way out. I’m in finance and it’s so strict, you dont find out you are getting laid off until security is escorting you out, if you even are allowed in the building. Disgruntled employees can do a lot of damage. It works the other way around too. You can quit a job on the spot with no repercussions. In my last job, I had someone quit just like that and our bosses in Ireland couldnt understand it because they are required to give notice there.
1. If you are salaried it shouldn’t matter how long your work actually takes, as long as you are getting your work done2. He laid off 950 employees and said that he thinks “250ish” are “stealing work time”. What about the rest of the 700 people?
From what I've experienced, when the CEO starts targeting the staff, it's a sign that the company isn't doing well and it's making them flip out. Time for Mr. CEO to put in some actual work too.
"Last time I cried" ah yes because the people you're throwing under the bus surely care a lot about the emotional impact of \***YOU**\* FIRING THEM lmao!
This ceo seems nuts with how he is handling this pr issue
Laid off immediately upon notification? This is terrible, they can be scarred badly …
All the "disruptor" online lenders are only useful when rates are really low, and mostly just for refinances. I knew this was coming when rates started going up. It will happen to all the other "all we have are rates" lenders, too. Companies keep underestimating how difficult it is to succeed as a mortgage lender and they learn the hard way.
this only applies when you work over time.The company has a right to take more from you then they give you. /s
I almost interviewed with them a few months ago. Luckily I got another job and avoided this toxic bullshit
The Reddit video was removed but [here you go](https://youtu.be/9nBQGWF4Cpg)
2 hours of work while logging 8 hours? bruh, if you're salary, as long as I do my job you should pay me the contractual amount not matter how long it takes. however, yeah, i could see if they were missing meetings and ignoring clients some kind of check-up was necessary but firing is kinda extreme.
It's one thing to lay off employees.It's another thing to then enter the Blind comment section to argue with the layoff-ees.What is the upside?
Quiet they'll catch on
ah yes the millions of americans buying house boats.
Right, the anonymity of buying art is not what makes it good for laundering money.   It’s because the value of art is subjective, just as the value of an NFT. The art has a product attached as well, the piece itself. Nothing is stopping someone from saying, “this squidward art NFT is worth 40k because that is what I wish to sell it for, I already have a drug deal lined up, I will sell my 40k NFT to my buyer, and send him the cocaine. Now when the government looks at it, all they will see is he bought a squidward NFT, not cocaine.” Money laundered from the drug dealer side. “All I did was sell an NFT at what I had it valued at, gotta pay taxes on it, but then it looks even more official.”The buyer side? Well the government is going to need a warrant to investigate his income, and so far the only evidence they have is a 40k$ Squidward meme, which was valued at 40k$ I.e. no probable cause. Unless the guy is your average Joe who obviously does not have 40k in expendable cash, getting a warrant to investigate someone’s income is not easy.  What do you think money laundering is?
This is bizarre in so many ways. It’s not listed. You don’t have a listing agreement with this realtor, that was involved two years ago. They had to track the realtor down from that transaction. Then another realtor writes a contract for a house that isn’t even in the MLS. It’s more likely your realtor was testing the waters. By putting it active and Zillow picked it up from MLS. Zillow actives are usually a “make me move” listing / fsbo. I’d check your MLS for your property.
The shortage is real, not artificial. And it has been created by land use policies that have prevented building adequate supply much more than by corporate buyers.
Many homes like house boats have to be bought with cash because banks won’t provide loans for them, insurance risk analysis.
An NFT is a piece of text on the block chain with a unique code associated with it. That's it.
You can sell something that cost you nothing to create to a secret buyer (also you) in untraceable currency at a tidy profit. Now all of your cocaine smuggler profits are legitimate NFT income, perhaps even qualified for long term capital gains treatment, if you held the NFT for long enough.
Yes, we need to ASAP. Same with foreign investors. Look at places like Vancouver.
Money laundering “art” that’s only purchasable by money laundering currency for money laundering purposes
Can you explain what's going on with NFTs?
I feel like there's some really weird shit going on with real estate right now.I bought my house 2 years ago. Just last week Zillow marked my house as "for sale" even though I'd claimed it on their website after I moved in. Then 2 days later my realtor called me and told me they have a cash offer for the house, and the offer was right at where the zillow estimate was. I have a feeling it was a way that zillow could get their offer to me when they knew that the house was off the market.
Can we just stop private companies from mass buying homes to create artificial shortages and drive prices up?
What about NFTs?
Now do fine art, collectibles and sketchy politically enabled Chinese and Ukrainian business arrangements.
You’re not in finance. Someone in finance would understand how stupid it is to pay cash for such a large purchase when interest rates are so low.Even if you have the cash it is the dumbest thing.
Retirees have no business throwing that much cash into a home. Take out a low interest loan, put the cash into tax free municipal bonds that pay 6% interest.
This is like trying to extinguish a forest fire by spitting.
"Damnit Jane, we were ready to buy this house for cash but now that our title company is going to have to send a piece of paper to FinCEN that will not impact our purchase of the property whatsoever, that's off the table. Guess we'll have to take out a loan now for absolutely no fucking reason."Dude, did you even bother to read the article? This is the same nonsense logic as people who advocate structuring so your $10,000 deposit doesn't get reported to the spooky boogeyman.
Right, because LOTS of people with bad credit have 4-600k cash just sitting around. People with good credit are getting 2% loans..
Big fan of foreign criminals laundering money in the major metros while driving up prices so working class Americans have trouble living there, huh?
Wtf am I looking at?
He was a great follow years ago but now his videos have no real substance.
He has had some really great videos on investing in real estate, but yes, after a certain point I think he ran out of ideas for useful content - after that it was all the credit card videos.
To be fair, I started watching him and Millennial Money because I was looking easy introductory info to finance. Those guys and a bunch of other youtubers (Dave Ramsey, Minority Mindset, etc). really gave me a decent grounding. It becomes clear in a short time that a lot of Graham's stuff is click bait. He's recycled a few topics over the last 2 years.  What youtubers do you guys like?
He makes 95% of his money from YouTube views, when he did the video having Kevin O’Leary look at his income, that was the conclusion. So, essentially like Andrei Jikh… these guys are just grifters with good videography skills, very little quality information but an army of rubes that follow them and watch their videos religiously with makes them tonnes of bank, for Graham anyways.Stop watching these guys and giving them millions.
Yeah, I stopped watching him. I got tired of the negative clickbait 🙄
\*laughs in Canadian
He definitely lost me after a while. His early vids were great for motivation and education but now it’s just this crap.
He makes the same reply to every comment of "this is clickbait".Something along the lines of: "this video is intended to reach a larger audience and the title reflects that."Beautiful politician non-speak.Its hard to farm content when you can be reduced to: "Save all your money, invest it, maybe you can get super lucky with real estate in a HCOL area like I did."
His videos are like the Big Macs of YouTube finance. Simple, cheap, easy to access, easy to understand, lacking real nutrition but tastes good as junk food. You won’t ever learn anything that great from him, except the basics of index fund investing. Part of that is because he’s looking to appeal to the mainstream so he can make as much money off of ad revenue as possible. You need to keep things light and simple for the mainstream.
I really like the content of Patrick Boyle on YouTube. Both informative and entertaining.
It is, watched grahams breakdown, makes 100k off YouTube monthly (so he claims) a lot of the gurus on YouTube share this and its not helpful to the average person imo. They cover the fundamentals of finance and general stuff, but for more in depth stuff its not helpful, I doubt any stock explanations would be helpful.
The most refreshing thing about the lectures is not being told to “smash that like button” 7 times a video
Both him and ImeetKevin make hundreds of  thousands of dollars in ad revenue a month it’s probably their primary source of income so it’s not really surprising they clickbait, same with robert kiyosaki. What ever money they made before become influencers/gurus is minute in comparison to the revenue they make selling you advice and commentary
The content is often solid, but the titles and thumbnails... Well, that's how the "YouTube algorithm" works .
VP in JPM is basically someone who manages some analysts or possibly maintains a small portfolio of clients. It's just a first level manager. Mostly it'll be people with like 10ish years of experience.
Nobody tell OP…
Nottheonion
VP developers at Banks in my experience are essentially software engineer II level.. like a notch below Senior Software engineer. Maybe SVP Developer is like Senior to Principle Software Engineer..
Bank titles are weird - VP/SVP aren't that high (though not that low either). Above those are various director/managing director/etc roles. CEO is still the top board appointed person. There might be some division heads. VP is basically their mid-level manager, though.
Are you telling me that gender theorists don't believe Drake is a lesbian?
He’s a Dustin for sure
This is a satire site. The guy in the pic definitely isn’t a Patel.
Freaking seriously. Importing poor people willing to live on a lower quality of life is not how you grow a prosperous society.
Who’s side is Biden on? Not the workers that for sure. The balls to tell America we are unable to do a job with out immigrants. So what’s broken? The schools? Prisons? Wages? Or maybe it’s the fact the rich are take all the money using Illegal immigrants or legal immigrants to undercut the workers pay.
Almost like the system is not working anymore
Where will they live? I am pro immigration but in my area there is a critical lack of housing and prices are flying sky high.
i'm tired of this shitty line about monopolizing violence. the state *does* and is *supposed to* monopolize violence.saying anything otherwise is just proposing that we go back to a less civilized time where you have to defend yourself constantly against random other violent threats, because if the state doesn't monopolize violence, you sure as fuck don't either. in that world, might makes right.try saying something real, like "the state is abusing it's power", power that an otherwise functional state *should* have.either you want this state to do better, or you're a revolutionary who wants a new state.
Karl Marx was against immigration because it undercuts the domestic workforce, workers' rights, and worker union power.&amp#x200BOut there somewhere is a party that gives a fuck about the laborers of their country instead of just fucking everyone over for the profit of a few. Its probably some LibLeft amalgation of Marxist and Libertarian tenets. "Fuck using imported labor to undercut domestic labor, fuck the state taking your guns and letting cops monopolize violence, fuck taxing the fuck out of the working class to fund wars, fuck for-profit healthcare."
This is PR/propoganda / damage control in light of the revelation of H1B CEO
Lmao ok, politico
Or the U.S. could pay “we the people” a living wage instead of depending on imported slave labor.
She is preserving herself and the institution.
Not sure if I'm gonna get downvotes...but imma just say it. It's one of the purview of the  feds and Treasury jobs to manipulate the currency .so I don't see anything wrong with it.
All Central banks manipulate currencies. They know when they make announcements and when they make market moves.You are by definition an "insider" when you print the bloody stuff. However, the market is also important and may choose to differ in direction.
Alternate headline,  overvalued stocks slide closer to true value.
It’s funny that people that decry the feds printing power also don’t seem to understand the alternative. There are legitimate criticisms to be made but if you think the fed is just randomly printing on a braindead whim, then you don’t understand economics enough to be taken seriously.
I like her helmet haircut .
Like… the fed?
6% down from ATH!  The horror....
Dives 2%?
Coward.
The Fed
IKR the biggest of them all.
like, themselves?
Crypto bro living in the  Web 3.0 metaverse
This isn’t bad news all said and done, as the labor force participation rate went up. People feeling more hopeful
If you think 120% returns is the norm, then I don't think you know how the economy or the financial markets work
Chinese ride-hailing group Didi Chuxing said it would delist from the New York Stock Exchange, accelerating China’s decoupling from US capital markets as Beijing cracks down on the country’s leading technology groups.The company, which has been hit by increased regulatory scrutiny in China, wrote on its official Weibo account on Friday that it would begin the process of delisting and prepare to go public in Hong Kong.Didi said in a separate statement its board had authorised the delisting in New York of its American depositary shares “while ensuring that ADSs will be convertible into freely tradable shares of the Company on another internationally recognised stock exchange”.Hong Kong’s Hang Seng Tech index fell as much as 2.7 per cent on Friday following the news. Ecommerce group Alibaba dropped as much as 5.4 per cent and internet group Tencent lost as much as 3.3 per cent.Didi launched its $4.4bn New York initial public offering in June, making it the biggest listing by a Chinese company in the US since Alibaba in 2014. Days later, Chinese regulators ordered Didi’s app to be taken off domestic app stores. The company was also banned from signing up new users and subjected to a wide-ranging government investigation into its cyber security practices.The group’s shares have tumbled from the June IPO price of $14 to $7.80 at the New York close on Thursday. They initially rose in pre-market trading on Friday, but later gave up those gains.While big Chinese state-owned enterprises listed in the US have been targeted by the Biden and Trump administrations with investment bans, New York remained an attractive destination for China’s private-sector tech champions.In the immediate aftermath of Didi’s IPO, Chinese regulators signalled that other companies hoping to follow in its wake would be subject to more stringent approval procedures, especially if they managed data deemed sensitive by Beijing.“This is the nail in the coffin for decoupling in equity markets between the US and China,” said Andrew Collier, managing director at Orient Capital Research in Hong Kong. “[Regulators] are being pushed to do this because Xi Jinping has clearly taken a very nationalist tone in terms of capital flows, particularly from the US.”Didi’s IPO, which was completed the week before the Chinese Communist party celebrated its centennial, angered party and government officials who believed the group had brushed aside their concerns related to national security and Didi’s vast trove of mapping and other sensitive data.The listing also came amid a long-running crackdown on the dominance of China’s biggest technology groups that began in November 2020, when President Xi Jinping ordered the last-minute halt of the Shanghai and Hong Kong dual listing of Ant Group, Jack Ma’s fintech platform.Ma, once the country’s richest and most celebrated entrepreneur, had angered Xi and other officials by criticising Chinese financial regulators weeks before the planned IPO, which was set to be the world’s biggest ever.Since the scuppered listing, Ma, who also founded ecommerce platform Alibaba, has all but disappeared from public view. Cheng Wei, Didi chief executive, and Jean Liu, president, have also been maintaining low profiles as they seek a resolution with Chinese regulators.“After this high-profile listing turned out to be a huge mistake, all Chinese companies will think twice about going to New York,” said Chen Long at Plenum, a Beijing-based consultancy.Didi’s rush to announce the plan to move its listing came just before the end of a six-month lock-up at the end of December that will allow company executives and almost all of its shareholders to begin dumping shares in New York.“The government can order something without realising how complicated it is,” said a lawyer in Beijing about the pressure from Chinese authorities on Didi to exit the US.Didi indicated it will first seek a listing in Hong Kong and then urge US ADS holders to convert. But the city’s more stringent requirements for companies to be fully compliant with local laws were a key hurdle that pushed Didi to the US in the first place. Didi has struggled to ensure all of its drivers and their cars are properly licensed. Hong Kong listings have slid this year over concerns about China’s increasing pressure on tech groups. Companies have raised less than $26bn this year through IPOs, about a fifth lower than 2020.Lawyers said Beijing would have to provide clarity on Didi’s compliance issues to get the listing done quickly.One Beijing-based Didi investor said it was unlikely that any major shareholders would object to the delisting, especially if it resolves the group’s stand-off with regulators.“The big shareholders like SoftBank, Sequoia and Tencent won’t dare to protest and defy the government,” the investor said.Didi said it would hold a shareholder vote on its delisting plans.
Y’all kept telling them to stop complaining and get a better job. They did.
or laws that protect your employment when you have possibly sick kid *during a fucking pandemic*
And every 4th week your kid is getting sent home because they have a temperature or covid contact. So you also need a very understanding boss
Yet surprisingly virtually no news stories are covering this, even the one linked above.Likewise, boomers retiring are moving to a retirement home, which is a large reason house prices shot up in 2020, yet news stations kept interviewing millennials for some sort of reason.
Unemployment is 4.6% right now.  source: https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/UNRATEJust in case someone may not know, unemployment only counts people actively looking for a job.
Stop calling it a shortage, businesses are refusing to match the rate of inflation and pay people what their labor is worth.
Correct, I work in automation. Labor has to compete with capital. If the cost of labor goes up then the cost of automation has a higher rate of return.
yes, but Covid accelerated it by a lot, just look a the huge drop and it isn't recovering at all since August 2020.https://www.bls.gov/charts/employment-situation/civilian-labor-force-participation-rate.htmIn any case I don't think there is any reason for now for a significant improvement. I'd be seriously surprised if we get back to pre Covid19 level for a long time.
You may want to do the same. Food deserts mainly refer to **healthy** and **nutritious** food *access*. Not fast food chains which is what they were discussing.
It’s because population growth is slowing, the working age cohort skews older so more working age people are retired.
What do you think the triangle trade was
The labor force participation rate is sinking since many years and isn't going up anymore. In this case I'm confident, that Business Insider is right. It will be just not a headline topic anymore in two years
Boomers retiring folks, made it too hard for new generations to have kids...boom labor shortage....we knew this was coming for a decade.
I keep seeing “Global Labor Shortage” headlines followed by a summary individually naming the eurozone, US, UK, i.e. the West. There is labor available to immigrate to these countries, but nationalist tendencies are refusing it.
Time for automation more likely. If all fast food dries up in the sticks it doesn’t mean people don’t want fast food, it means it is too expensive to pay people to make it there. But it might not be too expensive to park what is basically a burger vending machine that has a robot flipping  patties.
Well in south-central there is only one supermarket in like 5 miles from my house in any direction but just in the mile from where I was living to the freeway there were three McDonald’s. Maybe we just have too many fast food restaurants
Well, I'll be honest here I'm not a finance guy I just thing the topic is interesting so that's why I'm in the finance sub. I'm a scientist. The job market has be absolutely on fire, I've started 2 new jobs and tripled my salary during covid, so maybe this is anecdotal, but I have heard of tons of people doing the same.
Business insider article? I don’t even think I need to check back in on this in x years to know it’s false
The issue is that the end result of this line of thinking is that only the largest corporations survive, because they can operate at economies of scale that allow them to get by on smaller profit margins. Speaking anecdotally, in my town small businesses were particularly devastated by the inability to keep and maintain workers, because they simply can't afford the wages that corporations can. So while it may be a good thing that wages are rising, one of the side effects might be an even more rapid extinction of small businesses.
Gig work is taking some of the younger workers too, or at least keeping them only working part time at an hourly job. My workplace has a whole job type staffed by teenagers. They tend to call out or reduce hours as their unofficial jobs give them a good week/month. And then my employer has to find more people to fill in the gaps. Bill paying adults won't work for the money (it's more than fast food but less than other more qualified job types with them). Some of the kids do deliveries, some dabble in investments, some flip luxury goods. There are networks of gig jobs now that weren't around when I was younger. It offers more freedom and less burn out.
You’re missing that when a person 65 years old leaves the workforce it creates a cascade of new job openings. Someone fills that persons job and so on and so on. Losing a high number of seniors all at once creates a huge multiplier of new senior level jobs. One CEO retiring can create around 20 openings at each level of an organization. So many entry level people got promoted. And since illegal immigrants can’t work for any modestly sized company anymore, you lost a huge % of the workforce to promotions and reduced immigrates working. It makes sense this is going to go on for awhile. Everyone seems to me making money and have a job. I don’t know anyone unemployed and I was laid off and picked up a better job within 3 months.
We are talking about chronic unemployment inside of the United States of America ITT. The American economy has always relied on immigrant workers going all the way back to the triangle trade.
Cheaper to stay home in most cases. $400 a week in daycare per kid is $10 per hour per kid, after taxes. So 100% of your $15 amazon check would go to childcare for one kids. $30 per hour is what 2 kids would cost. Lol, no one can afford that unless they make more than that. They’ll make more in welfare than working. This is the problem, no way or incentive to leave welfare.
Those early retirements were above an already elevated retirement rate. Check out the chart in this publication: [https://research.stlouisfed.org/publications/economic-synopses/2021/10/15/the-covid-retirement-boom](https://research.stlouisfed.org/publications/economic-synopses/2021/10/15/the-covid-retirement-boom)
A significant number of parents, mostly women, have had to leave the workforce due to the uncertainty of childcare and it hasn’t gotten better in many places. Where I’m at if your kid comes into contact with a positive covid they and their siblings are out for 2 weeks and no refund in tuition. Very hard to hold a job with that level of uncertainty
incorrect. If you are paying more than your competitors, THEY will have the labor shortage )
No shit? Baby boomers retired. It’s what the younger generations prayed for….job openings…wallmart greeter is now open. Pays minimum wage. Congrats…
The thing that I don’t think gets mentioned that much either is that some of those 700k may have left behind enough of an inheritance for some people who would still be in the prime years of their working life to re-evaluate and possibly not work or do something else with their lives.
I have, in my opinion, the best Mercedes to sell you.  But, I want +40% what Kelly Blue Book says for a typical Mercedes.  Do you want to buy my Mercedes?
But the labor shortages are global. Taking workers from one country and sending them to another country has no net benefit.
Because the vast majority of them were already not working. 400k were over 75, 575k were over 65. Even if you look at the under 65 crowd, many of them had serious health conditions limiting their ability to work.The early retirements likely had more impact.
No shit. Between the early retirees and deaths, a million members of the workforce are gone.
A lot of franchises have very low profit margins. The corporations may be doing exceptionally well, but on an individual basis I doubt that holds true for the franchises who are doing the daily operations.If I were to guess without looking at any hard data, I would assume the Pareto principle applies for the distribution of franchisee profitability.
Barely turn a profit? I guess that's why there are 200,000 fast food places in the US.
Some will die and the ones that survive will most likely be consolidated in predominantly richer communities, unfortunately.
Time For those franchises to die then. That is capitalism: either you balance supply vs demand curve or you don’t.
Wages aren’t going to go up at franchises that barely turn a profit and can’t sustain wage increases that better locations can. I think we’re gonna see reduced hours and more food/retail deserts in places that can’t support the higher wages.Also as an aside, the shortages are mainly for these low paying retail jobs. Competition is fierce for corporate/office jobs, especially for entry level roles where it’s tough to differentiate yourself from the hundreds of other applicants.
And blocking immigration..
3.5m early retirements, 700k dead of Covid (varying ages, so not all out of the workforce), people going back to school, people leaving their jobs for better or higher paying ones, people being promoted upwards, all leaves the lower level of the workforce with a shortage which cannot be filled. Ultimately, this is the best time in the past few decades to quit your job. Find a new, higher paying, better one, especially if you hate your job or are underpaid. Also, just a mention though I don't really believe it, was the high unemployment payouts that are blamed for removing people from the workforce. These benefits ended a while ago and yet we still have labor shortages, though I'm sure it plays/played some sort of impact as well.
"Shortage"There's no shortage, wages are too low. If I offer someone $100 for their Mercedes and they say no, that doesn't mean there is a shortage of Mercedes, it means I didn't offer enough money. FFS
Is Business Insider any kind of real journalism outlet? Because it seems like all I see from that site is clickbait blogspam shit.
Boomers are reaching retirement age. Labor force participation was always set to decline, though COVID may have accelerated it.
RemindMe! 2 years
Clickbait headline by BI. The survey showed 8% of unemployed say they don't intend to return to return to the workforce. Which is much different than an actual prediction for how many jobs will be needed in the future vs how many workers there will be. I would imagine people's current feelings about what they do in the future are much different than what they will do. This also doesn't take into account changes in labor needs as a result of things like automation.
Everyone should set the remindme bot to come back and re-read this in two or three years. Actually you should always do this for any predictions that draw a straight line from today into the distant sun  Always worth looking at predictions in the future when they are supposed to have happened to see whether you should pay any attention to the next thing they say
I'm not holding my breath
The positive thing about horrible economy management is that it often leads to change at the helm.
He wanted lower interest rates and is confused when Lira is worth less? Wtf
The irony here is Erdogan is forcefully keeping the interest rates low, every finance minister he appointed is selected based on this understanding and this last guy actually obliged him and lowered the interest rates. So he tells them he wants to keep interest rates low, they do what he wants, the lira crashes (duh) and then he fires them for doing exactly what he wanted.
It's not even a little bit of crashing ... 30-40% in a month compared to the Euro...
Yes, it’s the minions’ fault, not the boss’! Great job, Khan Error-dog!
Again? It’s like he’s changing them more than socks 😅 I think that Turkey will be nice experiment which will show us what high inflation and loose monetary policy does to economy and people.
[deleted]
Turkey is truly doomed. There is a deranged man at the helm clearly.
That’ll solve all their problems
More coverage at:*  [Turkey’s middle classes abandon Erdogan as rising prices and repression take toll (thetimes.co.uk)](https://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/fe7991de-4fac-11ec-9043-2aa4c0c21cd8?shareToken=7b5ca6dd411d1a0a7ed88235c6727296) *  [Turkey is going its own way on inflation. The lira is crashing (edition.cnn.com)](https://edition.cnn.com/2021/11/24/investing/turkish-lira-crash/index.html) *  [Erdogan picks low-rates champion as finance minister as Turkish lira skids (reuters.com)](https://www.reuters.com/markets/europe/turkeys-erdogan-appoints-nureddin-nebati-finance-minister-2021-12-01/) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
Household median income rose, but that graph doesn't show the relation to cost of living.
Sure, but the CPI is blatantly misleading. Try looking at real wages vs the cost of healthcare, college tuition, home prices, REAL rent prices (not the non-landlord self-reported estimate that they use now), and literally anything they kicked out of the CPI basket since the 1970’s for being “too volatile.”
There has to be some kind of catch.Like being more aggressive about who they let open accounts or getting rid of interest on all accounts.
I am a Certified Financial Eduction Instructor, and you are exactly right. You cannot budget your way out of poverty. And I don’t care who writes the curriculum, no teenager is going to listen to a lesson plan on how to pay your taxes.BUT…we can and should be teaching about what money is, how to set/achieve money goals for their real lives, and understanding how to protect themselves from fraud/schemes.
Most Americans are subject to systematic issues that this approach ignores. While financial literacy is something we should better integrate in our education, those in the cycle of continually hitting overdraft fees are seldom in situations solved by elementary budgeting.
Some might assert that such redistribution has been going on for decades, just the opposite direction than is customarily thought, and that is a significant contributor to current state.
I’m not sure if many people who work in logistics expected things to be resolved by now.
am I seeing it right? from Q1 2020 to Q2 2021, it is flat. and we supposedly short in worker, meaning that we have high demand of workers... and I do see a lot companies (including mine) increased the wage to attract people. But this show that it is flat... can you explain me a little bit?
You’re more of an alpaca than an analyst
I think we need better financial education in schools and not just the Dave Ramsey lessons that I learned about. We need a proper curriculum on budgeting, managing cash flows, taxes, investments, capital gains, etc. If people could actually learn and education themselves on proper financial habits, people wouldn't be living paycheck to paycheck as often and overdrafting wouldn't be a issue. But I see why they were removed. Being forced deeper into the hole because you dug the hole is a bit unethical imo.
I got 5% this year, and I am expecting a mid year bump on top of it. Depends on your employer really.
Yes, and velocity of money is at record lows. Redistribution would need to be done carefully at the same time supply was tightened to avoid too hot of inflation. That’s a job for central bankers to figure out how to do. Alternatively, just have an extremely large war or similar societal disaster - those events tend to lead to effective capital redistribution as well.
Capital redistribution would increase inflation though by increasing velocity of money.
Yes, that is the actual problem that is occurring. Inflation is at the rates measured by the CPI. But cost of living has been increasing significantly faster than inflation. It means the solution is capital redistribution methods such as increased taxes on corporate earnings or a UBI funded on something similar, rather than decreased quantitative easing, or increased interest rates
Studies show information. They don't help or hurt people.
Large companies are addicted to low interest rates. When we do finally start raising rates it will restructure large parts of the economy, companies that were too reliant on low interest rates could be in trouble.Your first sentence alone tells me that you have a better understanding of interest rates than most people lol. So I'm sure your familiar with the term Zombie company. Basically many companies will just need more government bailouts to continue operating when interest rates start rising.
My annual 1-2% raise is more of a paycut
Wages tend to increase after inflationhttps://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/LES1252881600Q
I know this gets posted all the time buts it's not true for median wages according to the data. Real wages have been increasing since 2015, for pretty much the first time since they started keeping records. I was pleasantly surprised to see it :)Source https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/LES1252881600Q
We do need an increase in the interest rate. Basically giving cheap unending money to the wealthy for no perceivable reason. Imagine putting money in a normal savings account and getting 3-4% interest in fdic protected money. Imagine your retirement not being completely dictated by the stock market business cycle…
That has been happening for decades and they are fine with it.
^ this guy knowsHere’s support:[https://www.businessinsider.com/corporations-using-inflation-as-excuse-to-reap-fatter-profits-reich-2021-11](https://www.businessinsider.com/corporations-using-inflation-as-excuse-to-reap-fatter-profits-reich-2021-11)
Hi, I actually help manage the forecast for a revenue line that makes my company a billion dollars a year in revenue.  Yes, supply chain increases our prices, we have had price increases as a result.&amp#x200BWe have also been pushing additional price increases and telling our customers it is related to supply chain. That is not true, it is our board telling us they want more profit.  The same thing happened when the ACA was passed. We pushed massive premium increases to our employees under the guise of 'Obamacare made us do it.' This allowed us to turn our health insurance benefit from a cost center to a revenue producer. Brilliant move by our HR dept.
Holy shit what a dumpster fire in the comments here.
What about wages decreasing relative to COL?  The system is not static, and is tilting towards an obvious direction.
Inflation is mostly being seen in assets.  The velocity of money is very low at the moment.Wages are one contributor to inflation.  The headline makes it seem like it’s a requirement it isn’t.  Wages can remain stagnant and and inflation can increase.  This is called stagflation it’s been happening for years without acknowledgement.
Inflation always rises but wages never do. You absolutely cannot blame any price increase on paying workers a living wage. If anything not paying workers a living wage causes more delays because the workforce is more unstable.
This is not entirely factual. I’m very close to it and can only speak from my experience… supply chain/transportation, ingredients, packaging, etc is all being affected with supply side/scarcity challenges. This drives up the cost for manufacturing, and my company has taken three price increase to our retailer/customers in 2021. Nestle, Walmart, Food Service, etc. and they all have a choice to decrease margin or raise prices. The new push that this inflation is being caused by price gouging is purposely changing the narrative away from gov/policy failures. Your government is to blame just as much as any business who increases net profit.
After all corporations are people!!! Stop treading on their freedom bro!!!
WON'T SOMEBODY THINK OF THE LANDLORDS!
These corporations worked hard to have our politicians on retainer.
NO DEFINITELY NOT. THERE WILL BE NO MORE TAXING OF THE RICH. THEY HAVE GONE THROUGH ENOUGH. SHAME ON YOU.
Consumer sentiment around inflation is spiking. People have been hearing about inflation so much that they are willing to pay higher prices for things than before.
Can someone help me. So does the worker doing better is a trigger for inflation? If so, wouldn’t taxing the rich help?
Why would business not have set profit maximizing prices beforehand
The answer is $0 because the other two answers were downvoted.Source: trust me bro
This is the finance sub not the accounting sub
Set the bar pretty low taking a picture of the exam page. You're going to have to rephrase the question to sound like you are asking about your own personal situation if you want to cut it in this field.
Smart enough to know you're a joke
I did but they told me the answer is AMC 🤷‍♂️
Have u tried r/wallstreetbets?
Have you tried studying before your final exam?
I would’ve never thought to go to the finance subreddit to get help🤣
Yeah. When the public talks about inflation they mean the CPI level. They talk about how much their grocery bill was last week, not how much it went up from the same time the previous year.So for the fed to say inflation is transitory suggests to the public that their grocery bill will go down. But the fed just means: we think it will stop going up so fast.
Show me the stagnation.
Labor participation rate is the lowest it's been since the 70s. Seems like the unemployment number is as broken as CPI and everything else.https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/labor-force-participation-rate
Why do they have any credibility at all?They have a long track record of terrible predictions. Within 16 years after the Fed was created they had blown an epic bubble (1920s) and then burst it with tragic consequences (Great Depression). Their only solution to every problem is to blow another bubble.Economic growth in the US per capita halved post Fed.They are a disaster and a train wreck. They redistribute wealth to the 1% and punish savers. In a just world they would all be in jail.
Sub 5% unemployment doesn't sound very high to me
I'm not saying whether their take is right or wrong, I just wanted to address comments on the post that basically amount to "Aha! They're changing the word from transitory! That means that now the Fed believes inflation is here to stay!" When that's not what they're saying, they still believe in their inflation time horizon (2021-2023)
A decade of high inflation is still technically non-permanent, i.e transitory The use of the word was intentional .
Are you just blind to the boom in corporate profits, manufacturing, housing, home improvement, etc. have you heard about the labor shortage driving wages up? Brick and mortar retail is having a renaissance. Tech is on fire. Open your eyes.
Probably not. Inflation is high everywhere, not just in the US where there was more than average stimulus. This indicates that it’s much more likely that inflation is being caused by supply bottlenecks. After all, demand for goods is still far outstripping 2019 demand.
Here's a great article on inflation. It shares a similar sentiment as you do.Tldr: inflation isn't a very meaningful metric without reporting the standard deviations. Inflation is nothing but an economic restructuring of power. The biggest fish with least competition typically gain the most from inflation, as they are the ones who raise prices the most during inflationary periods.https://economicsfromthetopdown.com/2021/11/24/the-truth-about-inflation/
Did anyone here read the article?&gtShortly before the comment on asset purchases, Powell said it’s time to stop using the word “transitory” to describe inflation in a remark that also caught the ear of investors as a clue to a hawkish turn at the next meeting.&gt“We tend to use it to mean that it won’t leave a permanent mark in the form of higher inflation,” Powell said. “I think it’s a good time to retire that word and try to explain more clearly what we mean.” In other words, they merely believe that "transitory" is a misleading word. They don't believe that the *nature* of the inflation has changed, i.e. they believe it's still non-permanent inflation.
Lol
It’s funny. Of the original pot of money, per Q1 2021 10% of America owned 70% of it. So we essentially printed about as much money as the 10% are hoarding. And of that 10%, 1% own 30%.I wonder by what ratio those resources have floated up to that 10%. And what percentage is now in possession of the 1%.The older I get the more I question what even is inflation, we were taught it was the devaluation of money due to the increase of quantity. But isn’t it REALLY just the hoarders of wealth possessing more, then demanding more for things so nobody else can amass their own pile. Inflation could be considered to just be a lever that increases wealth for the wealthy at this point, and as such it’s simply a construct that plays on logic of the common man. Inflation for the end consumer is a companies profit margin increasing.Obviously I know that’s not precisely how it works, but I’ll be damned if that’s not what is the final result each day.
It’s too risky to put all your eggs in one Egg McMuffin. The ETF should include the full menu of McDonald’s products, while rotating in and out of seasonal products depending on the market cyclicals.Personally, I’ve made millions shorting Shamrock Shakes every March, which is how I came to be known as “The Shamrock Kid” on Wall Street.
The only thing that turned out to be transitory is the Federal Reserve's credibility.
I’m not sure if he just lied to our faces or he’s dumber than the guys at the water jug (almost certainly the former), but he will be remembered for this forever. It was so obviously not transitory
What’s worse than that?
I recently learned the Federal Reserve doesn't even use the CPI, they use the PCE deflator - which has actually increased less than the CPI over time.So if the PCE deflator is significantly above the Fed's target, and it underestimates the CPI, and the CPI underestimates Egg McMuffins... guess I'll need to start skipping breakfast.
Turns out transitory inflation was transitory, now we just have inflation :0
if all we get is stagflation, we should be so lucky
power the incinerators!!
I agree. In my mind, inflation has been priced against wages both directly and indirectly. I think instead that inflation has been following productivity for the last half a century. COVID broke the system, and now all the hidden inflation is spilling out. 2% a year just seems unbelievable, looking back.Your statement about the big mac really sums up the issue well.
Egg McMuffin futures
Hasn't 40% of the total money supply been printed in the last 12 months? Why is the impending stagflation surprising?
Stagflations back on the menu boys
*titanic orchestra intensifies*
Are you going to start a Egg Mcmuffin index?
Consistency is one of Powell’s strengths /s
It'll be another 4 years before they retire jerome, he just got another 4 years
Interestingly, a few weeks ago, McDonalds had a special on their Egg Mcmuffin sandwich priced at the original 63 cents it was 50 years ago.  My working hypothesis is that most goods / services outside of technology has risen 3 to 4% compounded instead of the 2% we keep hearing about.  So, in my neck of the woods, an Egg Mcmuffin is now $4.49.  So, $4.49 / .63 ~ 7.13.  Well, that's 4% inflation: 1.04^50 ~ 7.  Even look at the Big Mac price index for the past 30 years, inflation for a Big Mac is over 3%.  If inflation is running as hot I think it is right now, we're likely double digit inflation rate.
Because they keep printing shit bags of money for tapering and our massive spending bills. Of course inflation is here to stay.
US Government: God bless America! Land of the free, home of the brave. Best country ever, best economy, deserving of world currency status. Invest in America! People: How much interest will this investment yield?US Government: For our 1 year bonds it’s .21%, -6% if you account for inflation. People: ummm no thanksUS Government: that’s ok we we’ll just print more money and invest in ourself😤
Hey, Gerome, when inflation hits six percent, you're basically selling negative interest rate bonds.
&gtJerome H. Powell, the Federal Reserve chair, signaled that the central bank is growing more wary of high — and stubborn — inflation, and that it could speed up its plan to withdraw economic support as soon as its meeting in December as it tries to make sure that rapid price gains do not last. The economy has boomed back this year, and hot demand has collided with choked supply chains to push inflation sharply higher. If the new variant continues to roil supply chains even as it keeps workers at home and prevents a full labor market recovery, it could put the Fed in a tough spot.
As usual, the loudest dumbest person in the room has themselves convinced they’re the only person who knows the truth.
I've read somewhere they've also mostly been detected in the young who are known to be less effected by Covid. The truth is we haven't even known about the variant for a week now, no one knows really how this mutation will change things. This might be a dip, or it might be the beginning of a larger fall, it's anyones guess at this point.
That was true of OG covid too…but almost 2M people died *with international lockdowns*Even just  0.1% getting severely ill is significant when scaled to global population.  Especially when essentially all of the people in charge of major corps/funds/countries are within an age group most likely to be directly affected
I read today that people with Omni aren't even getting that sick and with only mild symptoms. Buy the dip.
Actually yeah lol
Even if that turns out to be true (which does seem likely), the other big unanswered question is how dangerous it is.If it turns out to be less dangerous than current variants, it could be a blessing in disguise. Nature's vaccine.
My response to this is “duh” if anyone thinks the first vaccine is just gonna be good and universal to all mutations and variations is just ignorant. But yea this article is click bait. Completely pointless read
Clickbait much?
Wednesday the story will be how the drop is like 12% in effectiveness but we don't need a specific vaccine as the current one is still 84% effective.Markets go up.Thursday the story is how it spreads so fast that you need a booster every 6 months.. markets go down.
"I *think* it's going to be a material drop. *I just don't know how much because we need to wait for the data*. But all the scientists I've talked to . . . are like 'this is not going to be good'," Bancel said.But, you know, it’s a story so print it…
Had to throw in some COVID denial?Classy...
No they don't, they borrow against their assets.
Yea just let me go find someone’s personal, private tax records and I’ll get right back to you…
Elon is literally selling because he needs the cash to pay income tax owed when he exercises his next set of performance options.
They do when they want cash on hand
It’s about the new tax law
Excuse me but some of us prefer to FOMO at the top and panic sell at the bottom.
The massive financial crime crackdown would be taxing the billionaire.
27 mi,ll,ion?
tell me a crash is coming without telling me a crash is coming. Billionaires be selling equity, yo
It comes in advance of Washington state implementing a controversial new capital gains tax. Passed by lawmakers in April, it primarily targets stock and business ownership sales with a 7% tax on long-term capital gains of more than $250,000.https://www.geekwire.com/2021/satya-nadella-sells-half-his-microsoft-stock-weeks-before-state-implements-new-capital-gains-tax/
Title is super misleading. these were crimes on financial institutes. not financial institutes doing crime.
Before or after it was public that no one is upgrading to windows 11.
27m?  "Massive" financial crime crackdown lmao
Pay up for your 50th vax!
Everyone is cashing out in order to buy the dip.
Not just taxes, but wages too. Wage theft totals $50 billion dollars a year, just in the US.
Almost as if certain essential services should be public goods held in common, instead of playgrounds for the ultra wealth to become more wealthy on the taxpayers dollar.
Sold mine a couple weeks ago at 80% profit after holding for a little over a year. Great company but law of large numbers is going to catch up with it at some point and it just had a massive run. Also, inflation is clearly a real problem at this point and it's likely there will be significant volatility in tech when rates start going up. I usually can't stand the doomsdayers who constantly try to predict a collapse but I just think there's too much uncertainty right now for equities and have about 35% of my investment money in cash. He probably sold for good reason.
I find it a bit strange too. People in the know leaving the dance floor?
Bruh, can we make a list of every person in the 1% selling off stocks
Seemed a little light, yeah…
Uh
Isn't that number missing a comma or two?
Yet the corporate elite shell game train to avoid paying taxes keeps on chugging along....
Saved you a click…“NEW YORK, Nov 29 (Reuters Breakingviews) - Investors have assumed the worst about a Covid-19 variant, and that’s good for Moderna’s (MRNA.O) share price. Since Nov. 24, the vaccine maker has added $40 billion to its market capitalization, more than a third. That’s pricing in over 3 billion additional shots, which is rosy.The World Health Organization says evidence suggests higher rates of reinfection among those who have already contracted the virus. It implies waning vaccine efficacy, and more need for boosters. However, while there might be more jabs, in the long-run, a few read more doses should suffice.That’s roughly the status quo, yet investors are assuming far more shots in the future. Moderna has sold vaccines at roughly $22 apiece this year, and its net margin next year is estimated to be about 54% according to Refinitiv estimates. At a profit of nearly $12 per shot, investors are assuming 3 billion additional shots sold based on its market gain.Moderna also has competition. Pfizer (PFE.N) tacked on $12 billion, implying it and partner BioNTech (22UAy.DE) will sell billions of shots too. The new variant suggests building immunity will take some tweaking. That doesn’t mean investors are Teflon. (By Robert Cyran)”
Notionally yes, but the reality is a lot of us will lose our jobs at the same time, as demand reduces in order to pay for deleveraging.
I am!  It's way way overpriced!
You can take 50000 usd out of china a year as pure cash. It's obviously different if you're making a purchase of a non investment good, vacation etc, there are plenty of ways to do that. But basically a Chinese person in china is capped at buying 50k in foreign real estate, stocks and other investment stuff. If you're moving abroad you can take more But the gov investigates where your money came from, and lots of corrupt officials would prefer that not happen Since the us and china use different banking systems ( china doesn't use swift until recently), they can't wire money to schools themselves. They wire the money to a bank operating in the us and china. By providing a school fee receipt they can send a large amount of money to the us (I think under 300k a year). The student can then do whatever they want with they money, pay school fees, cars and ofc real estate. Gov cant and won't check since restricting a person's access to education is a supremely unpopular move and in many cases a student would actually really need to money to pay for a car,  medical or legal costs. I heard the gov actually raised the limit a few years back after a Chinese kid had to spend 150k in a us hospital.
The chinese intervention in the Aa realty market is 99% because of university of Michigan. UMich strikes the balance of being famous enough that everyone knows it and being reasonably hard to get into. It's a self perpetuating cycle, more chinese internationals go to UMich the more famous it gets in china, then more chinese apply to umich, the acceptance rate for internationals go down, UMich gets even more famous and more people apply and more chinese end up at UMich. The more chinese people at umich the more chinese people buy up homes since its one of the easiest ways to get money out of china. You can write off a home purchase as an education expense and not be subject to capital controls. Internationals that don't buy homes don't want to deal with rental hassle and promote the growth of those expensive high rise Apts. Those high rises boost realty prices even moreBasically aa real estate is fucked unless umich drastically cuts international students
International properties are looking even better to Chinese investors with their domestic real estate markets faltering.
Ooft, not looking forward to that one.
We had to deleverage at some point, looks like Chinese real estate is getting the party started.
The policy changes were in response to an anticipated market shift. Chinese developers and the local govts took on a lot of leverage for a lot of real estate developments in anticipation of more and more people moving from the countryside to the city. That movement from countryside to city has been slowing for years but the Chinese economy was dependant on real estate for growth.
This problem has nothing to do with the Is RE market. These people are cause by policy changes not by market shifts.
My first instinct is fear, so I’m betting that’s not actually what I need to be feeling right now. How do people here think this will affect the US RE markets?
Is…is this title supposed to make someone interested in clicking on the article? Talk about vaguery…
Saved you a click: “It is too early to know to what extent the new variant will affect economies and markets.”A completely useless article, keeps in line with the rest of the weekend reporting over there.
Nothing
“Visits to stores and shopping centers climbed 48% from a year ago while trailing 2019 traffic by 28%”This headline is incredibly misleading.  Black Friday sales up from 2020, when people weren’t leaving their homes and half the country was still in varying stages of lockdown.  Still down 30% from pre-pandemic levels.
Well they didn't bail Evergrande out so the billionaire owner is paying back creditors with his personal money. I doubt this would be the case in the States
That's moronic.Which, interestingly enough, is an anagram of omicron...
Judging from the comments this sub is going down the shitter the same way r/economics did.
Oh please- don’t you dare you start with this BS. This shit stain perpetuated a fraud with a complicit single party unelected government and now is being told liquidate or get the death penalty. If you think we should aspire to be like this regime- go away quickly and kindly stfu.
They wouldn’t been billionaires without partys approval. Party lives off kickbacks, bribes, weird system of social relationship with private sectors. Hmmm that sounds eerily similar…. .hmmm
Ehh any redemption is kinda blunted by the fact that hes making stupid amounts of money anyway nearly all from skimming off the top and selling garbage housing the government let him get away with as long as they got their bribes.
Funnily enough a friend of mine I met in HK. Her dad is a well known Chinese calligraphy artist amongst the elite in the mainland. His artwork sells for a lot of money.
9% is only $344 million? Also, it is refreshing to see a government force the wealthy owner to use personal money to cover debts. There is a strong chance debts would get passed on to bond holders or bailed out with tax money in the US.
Neither is abuse of LLCs to skip town with the loot.
Isn’t this kind of like selling pieces of the Titanic as it’s sinking, then commending the seller on behalf of his willingness to part with it?Edit: ..meanwhile he used everyone elses lifeboats to build his own yacht
Don’t disagree but limited liability isn’t going away anytime soon
Imagine if we forced billionaires to be personally liable for their debts
Oxford comma strikes again.
I have to say, I do admire how the CCP doesn’t shy away from holding billionaires personally accountable for their fuck-ups.
That calligraphy has to be pretty insane to be in the class of three high-end homes. There must be a lot of S’s and G’s in it.
Huh? He just had to have a fire sale to free up cash  to cover liabilities and still owns 69%. This is like the opposite of abandoning ship
&gtThe share sale, which is worth a total of HK$2.68 billion ($344 million), lowers Hui's stake in the Shenzhen-based real estate company to 67.9% from 77%. Hui, who is the property developer's founder, is now freeing up funds by selling luxury assets including art, calligraphy and three high-end homes.
Knowing "intrinsic value" of houses is more insane than pretending to know intrinsic value of gold.
There’s an everything bubble right now but how big they get and when they burst is the real question.
Who’s poor? I’m in tech with a very comfortable income. His interests are my interests.
That’s only because he has it and you don’t.
It’s only a bubble in hindsight after it pops. Before then it’s just ‘increased valuation’
Yep. House price to income ratio in many markets is berserk. If it isn't a bubble, it's feudalism starting up again.
If you can take portfolio loans against unrealized gains, then yeah.
Yo, cross border employee option holder checking in here. Even Canada will try to tax gains realized after  you’ve ended your tax residency for employee stock options. There is a specific article in the US/Canada tax treaty that creates a rule to split the profits based on the number of the days you were employed in each country while those options were vesting. Your are taxed on the total gain so at least this treaty considers the gain realized when the options vest, but the profit and tax was simply deferred until a liquidity event.
One comment says yes and one comment says no, we did it Reddit
Yesssh
USA has never been more prosperous, I think you mean more equitable. USA is not less prosperous or equitable because Elon Musk has created 100,000 jobs paying middle class and higher wages in eneterprises such as Tesla, Space X, boring company, Neuralink, PayPal etc.It’s is less equitable because the FED has run interest rates down to zero, this inflates asset prices, the rich generally own the assets, it also robs people of the value of their savings  when the government deficit spends its way to election victory and writes rules which allows banks to create money to lend them to fund these deficits. Musk has nothing to do with it
And anyone thinking this means anything because we’re only getting news stories about it now, he has been talking about it publicly and filing the required SEC documents for all of this for over a year. There’s no news here, which is why it was so funny when he turned the sale of these into a marketing/lobbying scheme with the Twitter poll.
You cant take advantage of california and run away when its time to pay wtf lol
You think it should be higher?
California is one of the few states with a progressive tax system. He moved to Texas because they have shifted much of the tax burden to the middle class.
so he's going to pay billions in taxes?
You could read the top comment
This is from his 2012 award. They have an expiration. Of 10 years.  Next august.   He was awarded another lot in 2018 so we can expect this selling again in 2027.
I just need $10 bruh..
California will tax you on the options if you initially received them while a California resident, even if you are not when you exercise them.
Spoiler alert:  He had already disclosed intent to sell long before the twitter poll.
Gets options worth $28 billion, tax bill is $15 billion.After taxes he gets $13 billion, government gets $15 billion.(Not exact numbers but explains tax rate of more than 50%)
Expiring options contracts
He is selling stock to pay the *$15 billion* dollar tax bill he will incur when he exercises stock options granted to him as pay in 2012. After selling stock to pay the tax bill he will have more shares than ever.Also the tax bill on these options will be *over 50%* of their value because they are subject to federal and state taxes.
He moved to Texas for their tax rate.
His options granted him 22.8 million shares with a strike price of $6.24
If you think that’s why he sold his shares, you should read deeper.
He's not. Though, I imagine the profits are approaching the sale price. Some of the options are from so long ago that the strike price must be miniscule.
Don’t bring Weird Al into this. He is a national treasure!
I remember he said he needed to do this a while ago. iirc, I wasn’t paying too much attention
he has options that he needs to exercise before they expire. when he exercises them he will need to pay the taxes on them at ordinary income 53% (CA)   he will be selling billions more to pay these taxes. he won't be done until 12/20 based on estimates from analysts. it's all planned and approved since Sept. . hes not just waking up in the morning and selling it.
literally the exact opposite
His nervousness about tax increases and potentially getting taxed on his idle assets brings joy to my heart
He’s doing it to pay taxes, da fuq
weird al these billionaires selling billions in stock and getting divorces, as well as other major inside selling...How is Evergrande doing?
You’re delusional. If they only bump rates slightly, inflation will keep running at 4-5% and that will be music to republican ears come November 2022. They need to stop asset purchases and increase rates by 50-150bps in the next twelve months if they want to stop inflation, but I doubt they have the stomach to weather the impact that would have on the stock market.
I mean that is clearly the right policy choice and what they should do. And in all likelihood they will - though we’ll see how convicted the fed is on their path when equity markets take a 15% hit.But there’s cannon fodder for the republicans no matter how you cut it. If the stock market goes down, they’ll cherry pick the high-to-low decline and run ads saying “Biden’s policy led to a 20% decline in the S&ampP 500”. If they don’t raise rates and inflation stays up they’ll run ads saying “gas prices are up 200%, milk prices up 20%, Biden is driving inflation giving away money to his political cronies and grifters”.The way out of this unscathed was to raise rates 8 months ago. Instead the fed stuck with their BULLSHIT “temporal inflation” narrative, which nobody bought for even a second. Now they’re reaping what they’ve sowed by keeping rates too low for too long and purchasing way too many assets in their QE program.
If they raise interest rates slowly leading up to nov 2024, say 0.25 every 6 mo and keep funding programs that benefit the working class, like the child care tax credits, that will lower the amount of money flowing into the people at the top and put more money into the hands of working people.Inflation is unavoidable but the key now is to make sure that more of the "new" money coming into the system is going to people who will spend it. ACA benefits, tax breaks, tax credits, infrastructure spending, etc.
&gtMr Musk, who is the world’s richest man with a personal fortune of $300bn, posted a Twitter poll on 6 November asking his more than 60m followers if he should sell 10 per cent of his stock in the company. Observers say that the sales have been carried out so that the entrepreneur can cover tax obligations linked to his exercise of Tesla share options, built into his deal with the company. Mr Musk, 50, has added an estimated $133.9 billion to his net worth this year, as Tesla shares have jumped 52 per cent in value in 2021.
Dems / Biden are cornered from an election perspective. Either the stock market takes a hit or inflation stays absurdly high. Keeping the market up while controlling inflation is threading the fuckin needle given how much they’ve pumped everything up in the past 18 months, I don’t think it can be done. And the republicans are going to blame Biden for either a stock market decline or continued inflation in 2022, so I don’t see how they survive without losing control of both houses of Congress.
An aggressive stance from the Fed in an election year.With the amount of debt the US government is in.I'm currently inclined to doubt it.
they doubled the money supply in 2 years, what the fuck do these morons think will happen? They know inflation is coming but they don't care because the rich always make money, while exploiting you.
Correct. Cash yielding, fixed rate debt financed real estate is the best hedge historically speaking.
Gold doesn’t operate for most people on a weekly timeline. It’s a year /decade play.
Why would gold fall at the expectation of higher treasury rates due to inflation? I would expect inflation to almost always cause treasury rate hikes (why would anyone offer low interest rate debt when inflation is high) and gold is typically used as a hedge against inflation so demand for gold should increase. Also, there is more money in circulation per ounce of gold leading to higher gold prices.What is the logic that I am missing?
It is awesome that I can assert whatever I want in any open forum and you can be exposed to someone else's interpretation and decide whether to accept it or not, yeah.Warren issuing a statement about capital requirements in 2020: https://www.warren.senate.gov/oversight/letters/warren-and-brown-urge-regulators-reverse-rule-that-weakens-capital-requirements-and-makes-banks-more-vulnerable-to-collapse-during-this-crisisWarren calls Powell dangerous in September for loosening regulations of banks. Article mentions the Squad, not Warren, banging on about the climate change: https://www.politico.com/news/2021/09/28/warren-fed-powell-reappointment-514520Since financial regulation was Warren's main issue and that's congruent with her public statements, seems like it's the main thing.
I thought Warren buffett said that and was like o shieet
She ran on a platform that embodied her values. Your argument is that she should’ve lied about what she wanted in order to get the presidency then changed to be what she really wanted. You’re kidding, right?
Propose new bills, try to build a coalition around it, etc. I mean the public theater is also effective, but there’s plenty that a member of Congress can do.
So we shouldn't listen to what exactly she says and trust your interpretation with zero citations on faith?Reddit is awesome.
Her career is so weird. She was so good at establishing the CFPB and reorienting financial regulation, then she went full identity politics and off the rails. Just bizarre to watch.
Propose what? Biden is going ahead with it. Politicians should call out shit when they see it. People who spoke out against Iraq couldn't do anything about the war going forward. Would you rather they put their heads down and "propose something that resembles some sort of compromise between her ideas and what the people do want?" lmao
The capital requirements regulation is what's driving this, though. The climate stuff is just a progressive talking point that sounds less esoteric to people she wants to vote for her.
She’s always been more talk than substance, somehow it’s getting worse
"Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) said Monday she will vote against President Biden’s nomination of Jerome Powell to serve another four years as chairman of the Federal Reserve, citing his “failures on regulation, climate and ethics.”"
Warren's main beef with Powell is his easing capital requirements for regional banks unilaterally and contrary to existing regulations. While I like Powell and disagree with her on this issue, it's not a crazy position or anything. Another role of the federal reserve is to supervise and regulate banks.
What would you suggest?
lmao we live in a democracy, what is she supposed to do? Throw a coup until she gets her way?
And your point is? We live in 2021 now, not 1913. American policy changes over time and as of today, the dual mandate is the Feds job whether you agree with it or not.
I assume you meant to say “employment”, not “unemployment”? If you did, my response is that you are wrong. You can Google “Fed Dual Mandate” to see why.
Honest question, why do you think that ?
Old lady yells at cloud… again. Instead of complaining about others, it would be great if she actually just did something.
Warren needs to shut up
S&ampP 500 index fund
More coverage at:*  [Warren doubles down on her opposition to Powell's renomination: 'I will vote against him' (msn.com)](https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/warren-doubles-down-on-her-opposition-to-powell-s-renomination-i-will-vote-against-him/ar-AAR0inj) *  [U.S. Senator Warren says she will oppose Powell renomination but supports Brainard (reuters.com)](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-fed-warren-idUSKBN2I71QG?utm_source=34553&amputm_medium=partner) *  [Elizabeth Warren Will Vote Against Powell’s Second Term, But Backs Brainard (bloomberg.com)](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-11-22/warren-renews-opposition-to-powell-second-term-backs-brainard) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
I've seen a lot of things stall the economy and run it into the ground.  Irrational exuberance, inexperienced fed policy, complicated and poorly regulated financial markets, but I think this is the first time I'm going to get to see multiple administrations around the globe fail to adjust policy for the sake of political expediency.  I don't know exactly when or how it's going to happen, but it's going to be a hell of a ride down.
Up!
How’s everyone portfolio look?
Brrrrrrrrr
Print all the things.
"Only 6.2%?  Slackers!  Hold my wine spritzer and watch **this**!"
And bad news for USD.
Cuz he shorted the S&ampP.
Good news for all markets
And the money printer is still on
Good news for bitcoin
Nice
That's almost a 50% premium to its current market cap of around $8.4B.Could be a positive development for other European telecoms, like Vodafone and Orange, whose valuation is similarly stuck at rock-bottom levels.
Well 401k has tax advantages and if your company matches or double/triple matches than why leave money on the table. You could park it in low risk funds yet still get tax advantage and free money
While that’s probably some of it, p-hacking is very much an issue.
This isn’t only a finance problem. P-hacking is a science problem. Reproducibility is a major problem in scientific journals in many many fields.
"Half of our coin flipping predictinators are broken!"A wise man once told me the hardest thing to predict is the future. He might have been right.
I’m afraid I have no idea what you’re on about.
Good thing I got my undergrad in arts and crafts then
Most financial brokers don’t beat the market. Someone at a firm asked me the other day if I manage my investments myself and I said yeah. I felt a little bad saying yeah because I know they need to earn a living but at the same time i don’t care because I know they want to use my money to mess around with the market when it does the same performance and better to manage it myself to invest in the total market and some other stocks. Investing in the market isn’t that hard if you just buy the market and also the top companies within the sp500 or nasdaq.
lol [there's literally a paper in process to be published that says the exact opposite of this ~500 word clickbait](https://www.nber.org/papers/w28432) -- at least in the world of finance.
[This chart](https://www.ft.com/__origami/service/image/v2/images/raw/https%3A%2F%2Fd6c748xw2pzm8.cloudfront.net%2Fprod%2F7c0eba50-42d5-11ec-a38b-c5211a129d80-standard.png?dpr=2&ampfit=scale-down&ampquality=medium&ampsource=next&ampwidth=700) is hilarious.
Is this really a ‘replication crisis’ or just a pricing-in of the strategy?
Does AQR have any incentive in saying replicate crisis is overstated?
This is what happens when you are corrupt and  fill up government positions with your inlaws and other relatives instead of actual people with brains..Man i have family in turkey, they finished university and even with their degrees their living conditions suck, cant imagine how life is for average joes
Only works if your debt is in lira and not in dollars or euros.
Well they reduced the debt alright, by inflating it away.
Lol, they just have no fucking clue how macroeconomics works, it’s really funny until you realize how sad the situation is for everyone living under this idiocracy in Turkey.
You work for Lowe’s, bro…maybe let the professionals handle this one.
That money was lost the moment they took a bet on fossil fuels a decade or two ago, in the full knowledge that climate change was occurring and they were intending to destroy the planet for money.In hindsight, it's ironic that they tried to destroy the planet for money, and instead ended up losing money in asset writedowns. Can't say I'm as concerned as the article is.
Every scientific prediction for the past 50 years regarding the dangers of climate change has come true.Forest fires, droughts, hurricanes, and hard freezes are all on the rise.Next comes the collapse of ecosystems. The vulnerable ones, like coral reefs, are already dying.After that comes mass crop failure.If we do nothing, billions will starve to death.Including, probably, you.
Not doing anything, of course, will cost much, much more.Can’t enjoy your profits if you’re dead.
Totally unforseeable consequence for turning off financing for the backbone of the global economy. 🤦‍♂️/s
Another shit article. Oil and gas is used to produce things other than just cars...
These articles are such a load of garbage. The fed has kept money flowing to fossil fuels? No, $80/barrel oil is what’s drawing people in. The fed may be affecting rates, but availability of capital for a specific sector is not tied to overarching fed policy.And for that matter, why is the oil and gas industry being financed a bad thing? We need to rely on oil for the next 20-30 years as we transition to a renewables focused energy grid, and even then we’ll need some fossil fuels as part of a sustainable energy future. Does the author want $200/barrel oil and people rioting in developing countries because they can’t afford gas?
HOW IS THIS NOT ALREADY A RULE??????This is what happens when 70-80yr olds run our country…We don’t even know the long term damage this slow policy rollout will have on us
Why is this the top voted comment in a sub that used to be mainly professionals? You really believe that the washington post or Bloomberg or even fox news actually now that Evergrande is defaulted as a fact and keep it secret?
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⠋⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢁⠈⢻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠈⡀⠭⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠄⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣷⣶⣿⣷⣶⣶⡆⠄⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⢀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠄⠄⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣇⣼⣿⣿⠿⠶⠙⣿⡟⠡⣴⣿⣽⣿⣧⠄⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣾⣿⣿⣟⣭⣾⣿⣷⣶⣶⣴⣶⣿⣿⢄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⣩⣿⣿⣿⡏⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣹⡋⠘⠷⣦⣀⣠⡶⠁⠈⠁⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣍⠃⣴⣶⡔⠒⠄⣠⢀⠄⠄⠄⡨⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⡘⠿⣷⣿⠿⠟⠃⠄⠄⣠⡇⠈⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟⠋⢁⣷⣠⠄⠄⠄⠄⣀⣠⣾⡟⠄⠄⠄⠄⠉⠙⠻ ⡿⠟⠋⠁⠄⠄⠄⢸⣿⣿⡯⢓⣴⣾⣿⣿⡟⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄ ⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿⡟⣷⠄⠹⣿⣿⣿⡿⠁⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄  ATTENTION CITIZEN! 市民请注意!    This is the Central Intelligentsia of the Chinese Communist Party. 您的 Internet 浏览器历史记录和活动引起了我们的注意。 YOUR INTERNET ACTIVITY HAS ATTRACTED OUR ATTENTION. 因此，您的个人资料中的 280  ( -infinity Social Credits) 个社会积分将打折。  DO NOT DO THIS AGAIN! 不要再这样做!  If you do not hesitate, more Social Credits ( -280 Social Credits )will be subtracted from your profile, resulting in the subtraction of ration supplies. (由人民供应部重新分配 CCP) You'll also be sent into a re-education camp in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Zone. 如果您毫不犹豫，更多的社会信用将从您的个人资料中打折，从而导致口粮供应减少。  您还将被送到新疆维吾尔自治区的再教育营。    为党争光! Glory to the CCP!
That's essentially exactly what they said they'd do too.
I see - misread that comment. Below is what I was referring to. https://www.dmsa-agentur.de/download/20211110\_DMSA\_EVG\_PM\_en.pdf
Right.  But the person I was replying to is claiming that Evergrande paid Metzler and co.  According to Metzler's own LinkedIn page, as of this morning, they had still not been paid.
You did. I saw the same thing, but didn't recognise the newspaper source at the time, so checked for more reliable sources. Found nothing. I wrote it off as a newspaper trying to get the story before it actually happened. Turned out to be a good hunch.
They did?  Proof please.
Already is in default. Media just trying to delay the inevitable. Narrative-control.
Could of sworn I saw an article saying they already defaulted a few days ago.
CCP will bail out everyone except foreign investors.
Those bags from someone else
&gtThe S&ampP Global logo is displayed on its offices in the financial district in New York City, U.S., December 13, 2018. HONG KONG, Nov 18 (Reuters) - S&ampP Global Ratings said on Thursday a default is still "highly likely" for China Evergrande Group (3333.HK) despite its recent bond coupon payments because it has a bigger test in March and April next year, facing a total of $3.5 billion maturities in dollar bonds. "The firm has lost the capacity to sell new homes, which means its main business model is effectively defunct.
Do yourself a favour and don’t go to r/economics.
I spend about 10 times more on health insurance than gasoline every month, but government intervention in that domain is socialism, or so I am told…
Nah, not at all. I’ve just had a lot of family and friends that have fallen into conspiracy theory loops listening to the apocalyptic media narrative about how everything is worse now than it’s ever been. My dad has this theory that gas is high because Biden and the democrats want to force everyone to buy electric cars. I told him that makes zero sense because electric cars make up like 3% of all car sales and they have nowhere near the lobbying power that O&ampG and Internal Combustible Engine car manufacturers have in Congress.
The video doesn't account for inflation, it's only in nominal dollars. But good effort anyway, people need to be more aware of the power of compound interest.
Maybe Biden could cause a global economic crisis?  That should cheapen oil.
Why is this sub turning into yet another political opinions dumping ground. Was /r/finance made default or something.
Coal only accounts for 20% of power production..
If only there were great alternatives to coal like solar, wind, hydro electric, and even nuclear.Y’all stopped dreaming about new ways to do things and it’s really getting tiring. Just because your side is afraid of new tech and new ways doesnt mean you have to hold everything back.It’s time to sit out of the conversation if you’re just going to keep purposely coming up with ways to prevent progress.
Oil peaked well before the financial crisis hit. Gasoline dove 35% during the crisis itself.
I wouldn't tap those unless we went to war, that's why you keep them. Those are your last resort reserves. Suck everyone else's oil up first for American victory bro.
Imagine if we didn't use oil because the auto industry converted to electric years ago...
It does though. Political opinions, are by their very nature, worthless. Supply infinitely outstrips demand, leaving the supplier with their political opinions they just spout off on the internet for free.
National average going down now, old news here
Gas doesn’t even seem to be as high as it was during and for years after the 2008 financial crisis but I guess people forgot about how shitty that period was.
Supply and demand don't matter when it comes to political opinions.
that's a non-sequitir. Shifting light duty vehicles to electric would eliminate the single biggest user of gasoline in the transportation sector. We could still have diesel for heavy vehicles, plastics and other chemical products derived from petroleum, and so on. But we wouldn't need to extract as much oil, and we would significantly reduce the amount of carbon we are dumping into the atmosphere.
We know they need the money for a yacht money
imagine if we had pipelines that could transport said oil with little emissions too. ah what a dream…
whoosh
With things going terribly, Biden is looking for anyone else to blame.It turns out, when you use the law to constrain supply with increasing demand, prices rise.  Who knew?!?  (Ok, actually everybody.)
Not just that but a majority of our infrastructure relies of fossil fuels and crude oil derivatives.
Do you know how many middle class people rely on fossil fuels?!?!!
If I had a dime for every time I heard, "Gas wasn't this high under Trump.", I could afford a gallon of gas.
The comment literally starts by qualifying it as a silver lining -- a slight positive aspect of a generally bad thing.
Imagine if we had our own oil-reserves we could tap
Driving is a requirement in most places because America is a rather big place and most transportation systems only connect cities.Washington DC to St Louis MO ~926 KMDrive across Montana ~968 KMDrive across Texas Houston to El Paso 1200 KMFor comparison Munich Germany to Paris France 807KMEdit I wanted KM for Texas but left miles
Fuck the rest of us trying to get to work, apparently. 'Hot takes' like the one above your comment forget things like the common man. I
Right, because only Americans who drive large pickups are affected by extremely high gas prices.
More coverage at:*  [Biden asks government regulator to examine high gas prices (msn.com)](https://www.msn.com/en-xl/money/other/biden-asks-government-regulator-to-examine-high-gas-prices/ar-AAQOO47) *  [Biden asks FTC to look into illegal conduct as gas prices rise (upi.com)](https://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2021/11/17/gas-prices-soar-biden-FTC/2041637172018/) *  [Soaring gas prices prompt Biden to urge FTC to examine potential 'illegal conduct' (nbcnews.com)](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/soaring-gas-prices-prompt-biden-urge-ftc-examine-potential-illegal-n1284037) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
It’s not anti-competitive behavior lmao oil companies sat here for a year making relative pennies because of constrained demand, and now they’re trying to recoup lost profits. Just because unfinished prices aren’t *currently* low doesn’t mean the long stretch of low fuel prices we just got out of doesn’t have knock-on consequences.
If the federal reserve makes a profit, it goes to the Treasury Department.
Just because the founding private bank shareholders - who funded the central bank after JP Morgan and friends almost single handedly saved the US economy from collapse before its founding - own shares in the Fed, they don't actually have any voting power over the decisions of the Fed. Because Congress can just decide to vote the Fed Chair out if he abuses his power.The idea that we are living in some sort of corporate dystopia is just a conspiracy theory created by the same type of people who wallow in r/wallstreetbets.
You're more than welcome to cancel your own student debt, by paying it.
Being considered for this job means you can do the same without the grief.
Having this job can make you, your friends and family very wealthy.
Also, the cost of equity and specifically debt is usually an average of multiple different line items and not a single entry number.
It’s used all the time in investment banking, especially in Discounted Cash Flow modeling which is one of the most used valuation metrics for private companies looking to raise capital or be sold.
Change your name to be less obvious
I don’t under the incentives. Aren’t the stockholders the member banks? It’s not as if individuals can own the stock. Also, the interest collected is just kicked to the federal govt, so the fed doesn’t make a profit like a traditional bank. I guess I don’t understand how these are incentives for the policy makers at the fed to act according to their self interests. The insider trading was probably a perverse incentive, but they (unlike congress) put a stop to that.
50B/yr in additional govt spending is nothing compared to impact the Fed can have through their policy.
"Sets a tone."Man these retirees are screwed.
Fortunately you're unqualified and unknown.
I’m available!My manifesto:1. Increase Interest Rates to 5%2. Audit the Fed3. Quit
Amazing that anyone wants this job. The next one in is probably going to have to be the one who pulls the table cloth out without breaking the precious stock market dishes.
What is the President’s job if not to make decisions? Everything else is just ceremony.
How about you f\*\*king learn how our government works? The President doesn't make laws, Congress does. Furthermore, only Congress has a say in US's budget so those are outside of his power
what about the other 4 chairs that never get any public attention and the private stock holders of the private federal reserve bank? idk why but I think their incentives are misaligned with the average Americans.
It's 1.7 percent increase in October alone. Inflation was .9 percent in October. So it's likely that consumer spending is a driver of inflation.
It’s right in the article dude. Some yes, others no, sometimes the businesses are absorbing costs instead of passing it on. &gtTuesday’s retail sales figures aren’t adjusted for inflation, which rose 0.9 percent in October, the government said last Wednesday. In some categories, such as gas station sales, which rose 3.9 percent in October, a jump in gas prices accounted for nearly all the gain. Gas prices rose 3.7 percent in October, according to the government’s inflation report.&gtStill, many major retailers reported healthy sales increases, another sign that high prices aren’t deterring consumers from spending. Walmart and Home Depot reported rising sales and solid profits, though both companies saw their costs climb because of supply chain disruptions. Walmart said its consolidated gross profit rate took a hit primarily due to increased supply chain costs, in addition to other issues.
With prices rising, customers are likely getting less units. Double digit inflation with only 1.7% growth means the units customers are buying are way less.
I worked on converts and specifically Tesla’s converts so I can answer this question. There’s a third piece to this transaction that the article doesn’t mention, a set of options sold to Tesla called a bond hedge  that is struck at the convertible strike price and matching the term length of the convert. This is the piece that would reduce dilution. The idea is basically to use the hedge and warrant structure to “restrike” the convert from a 30% premium to 75%. The company gets to count the cost of the bond hedge against the issue price of the convertible bonds for a tax benefit (it’s counted as an original issue discount). The issue arises when the converts get really see in the money, as we’re seeing here. This also happened with Micron and Nvidia, if you want some comparable situations.
Right? Warrants increase potential shares outstanding, further diluting just like convertible bonds can? Am I stupid?Like I get why they would sue for diluting shares and not allowing a strike price adjustment, that part makes sense. But the articles reasoning seems completely wrong? Someone do a sanity check for me
&gt According to the complaint, Tesla sold the warrants to reduce potential stock dilution from a separate convertible bond saleThere is something I definitely don't understand about this, or possibly the writer does not. How does selling warrants to party A prevent dilution from conversion of bonds by party B? Only if party A is yourself, right?
Investors are anticipating increasing interest rates
Gotta get that liquidity somehow.😂
24Tell me your broke and desperate for money by convincing other desperate people to gamble on a purely speculative digital number which you then inevitably convert to “EVIL FIAT” in the end anyways without telling me
Nope, none of the economically important nations have even remotely such a rampant inflation like the US. [Core inflation China October: 1.5%](https://tradingeconomics.com/china/core-inflation-rate) [Core inflation Japan September: 0.1%](https://tradingeconomics.com/japan/core-inflation-rate) [Core inflation South Korea August: 1.3%](https://tradingeconomics.com/south-korea/core-inflation-rate) [Core inflation Switzerland October: 0.6%](https://tradingeconomics.com/switzerland/core-inflation-rate)[Core inflation Taiwan September: 1.7%](https://tradingeconomics.com/taiwan/core-inflation-rate) [Core inflation EU September: 2.2%](https://tradingeconomics.com/european-union/core-inflation-rate) [Core inflation Australia September: 2.1%](https://tradingeconomics.com/australia/core-inflation-rate)The reason why the dollar is rising while having an inflation is (amongst other factors) the world wide dollar shortage and the fact, that this inflation is not an actual inflation caused by abundant money supply and the dilution of the dollar, but by supply chain problems in the goods economy including the raised oil prices through OPEC and massive chip shortage.
Sounds like USD is a good investment still crypto bros
Yes they are worse
Someone hook this guy up with a trading desk!
I’m a bit confused why the dollar is increasing despite record inflation numbers? Are other countries that worse?
Money can be exchanged for goods and services
Like 4% of this sub knows how any market works lol
Someone who doesn’t know how FX works. Care to ELI5?
Tell me you don’t know how fx works without telling me you don’t know how fx works
Well if all things are being equal then relatively it is a good thing yeah?
Is this some dig at crypto
16 month high against other currencies that are also being printed into oblivion? Wonderful! 😂
Call vanguard and express your interest. They can walk you through it and you can ditch the advisor.He's just a middleman.
Easy, you open an account at a major brokerage, Vanguard or Fidelity are common suggestions, and you give them the information and they initiate the pull from their side.  You do not have to talk to your advisor about it.Poor guy, a few more like you and it is going to cut his mid life crisis boat down a couple feet of length.
To put it more simply, in my opinion, when the wealthy have more money they will just simply pay more for what they want, driving up prices and pricing others out from buying that product. When supplies are tight, like now, it just makes it worse. I think those who are wealthy or even upper middle class can relate to this as they find it not too difficult to get what they want, as long as they have the funds and willingness to buy it.
You forgot the part where they rent it back to you at 115% of their mortgage payment.
But we should definitely overreact by pouring trillions into equities if a stock or bond owner can’t buy a fifteenth pony cause one of his zombie investments needs chapter 11.
Because raising rates will force a lot of companies out of business and will expose a large part of the economy as rent seeking.
Go check out the inflation metrics and political jaw jaw from the 70s and 80s. Trim this, remove that, adjust another, and eventually you end up with the value that was wanted all along. Inflation always looks like a series of one off things. It is naive to take this narrative seriously, and it ignores a lot of history suggesting otherwise.
It just seems you haven’t looked around lately.  The measurements of inflation are limited and some aspects are actively suppressed. What people really should measure is spending power.  I live in an expensive city that has seen a 1000% increase in housing over 20 years. In less than 30 years owning a home went from roughly 3x annual income to 10x. The labor market has changed. The ability to just “go somewhere cheaper” is disappearing some as well, largely with professionals commuting further in order to live a middle class life. I’m sure you have heard it but this is one of the greatest socioeconomic divides in modern history. So yea a lot of people are losing their minds. Or maybe their soul as people disconnect from pride in country and hope for their future.
Inflation and stagnant wages is going to lead to people starving and worse. We need to stop bailing out failing businesses and just let them fail while increasing taxes on the rich and large corporations. We need an economy that works for everyone not just a tiny percentage of the richest.
 30 years of below target inflation and  we have one year of 5-6% and people lose their minds
There are worse things than a recession. Avoiding one when it’s “needed” doesn’t help anyone.The world could also use a good “debt isn’t always good” wake up call too given the “everything is an asset bubble” levels we see today
Guys it’s ok we can just make NFTs
Good. At least then I’ll be able to afford food. And if we can’t have rates above 0% without a recession, something is seriously wrong.
Increasing rates would likely lead to a recession.
Increase rates. Now. Before it’s too late.
&gt so hyperinflation is here to stayMight wanna google the definition of hyperinflation. It's not what you think it is.
&gt“We shall act to correct the problem that we caused by causing more problems” - the Fed, all the timeThat's his point.  They shouldn't overreact and create more problems.  He's right.
“We shall act to correct the problem that we caused by causing more problems” - the Fed, all the time
“When we adjust monetary policy it acts with a lag,” he said. “So if we overreact to a short-term price increase, that can set the economy back over the long term.”What about the lag of a policy error and inflation going out of control?
This is a vacuous statistic. Even excepting the last year, it's stupid to expect uniformity in George Washington's time when the US was practically a different country.The US always has reasons to spend. Endless wars, economic recessions, etc.
I know right? There is a shocking amount of free content relating to finance that is really useful but goes unnoticed all the time.
Honestly? This is getting ridiculous... And the onion did it firsthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRgRz3nSG7o
Oh god this is some of the nerdiest shit I’ve seen on here. I fucking love it
&gt McK alum here: well-put. Firm is becoming a laughingstock.Are they hiring? Because I like to laugh every now and then instead of working.
or be someone sitting on the Federal Reserve
Do exactly the same thing except use NordVPN
So if someone was a partner at a consulting firm and wanted to insider trade the correct way, how would they go about it? *asking for a friend*
Probably not the first transaction he did… the first one he got caught doing
Intelligence is not required for consulting jobs.
Intelligence and greed are two different things. One can be smart but lack self control.
Mck alum here.. definitely not systemic. Most of McKinsey is extreme rule-followers and very risk averse, that’s why they work at McKinsey in the first place. It’s the low-risk way to make moderately good money (relative to other options) while preserving optionality
&gt2) Asked for permission to trade on GreenSky and was told no, demonstrating that he was actively looking to do thisIf you are within a mile of an M&ampA, you know that it is not permitted to trade on the acquiring company or the acquired. The guy had no business working as a consultant on the M&ampA, let alone a partner. McKinsey should have given everyone on the project a reminder during the first k/o as well on not talking nor trading.
McK alum here: well-put. Firm is becoming a laughingstock.
*absolute dikshit
Should of become a congressman then it’s perfectly legal
it literally says McKinsey partner in the title, you didn't even have to read the article to know he didn't work at Goldman
Reprehensible as this greedy behavior is, I’m mostly shocked by the idiocy. How STUPID could you be? Personally buying options two days before an acquisition? Like, you MIGHT have gotten away with this if you had some straw buyer like a distant cousin or something, and hadn’t taken such an aggressive position. How do these people become partners at McKinsey?
“Puneet Dikshit, 40, bought short-term GreenSky options before the bank’s September 15 announcement…” what a total Dikshit move.
Exactly. I mean he did the research and knew what he was doing would lend him into a lot of trouble. So either he did it cause he had no other options or he was set up.
I feel like it had to be this. It was mentioned that the options he bought cost around $30,000 and he liquidated some assets to cover that. It seems weird to me that a McKinsey partner wouldn’t have that much already liquid unless he were in debt of some sort.
absolute nonsense, mckinsey would never allow this brazen level of stupidity, not because its wrong, but because it would make them look bad
Because he sees everyone else getting away with it
I didn't say it was or wasn't systemic. I am saying, in this particular case, this dude was a fucking moron. That said, the fact that this guy was such a moron makes me think it is less likely to be some systemic process. If he was already able to take part in insider trading, why do this brazen stupidity?
This means he had a much bigger reason to take the risk. Debt? Or something
So you don't think it was systemic? I think we'll be hearing a lot more about McKinsey fraud and corruption in the years to come - they've been hidden from view a long time and were dragged out by Purdue pharma so now they are in focus.
True, I meant the Big Boss.
&gtThe consultant made his trades using an account in his name and one in his spouse’s name, according to the SEC. Evidence of Dikshit’s insider trading was found on his work computer, prosecutors said. On the day before the GreenSky deal was announced, Dikshit used Google to search: “what happens to options when company is acquired” and “greensky market cap.” He also used it to check his broker’s web page for information about $10 GreenSky call options, they said.Three weeks later, after news of suspicious trading in GreenSky options, Dikshit used his McKinsey computer to run searches about Rajat Gupta’s insider trading conviction.What a fucking idiot
There are a lot of managing partners at McKinsey.
After googling 'How did Rajat Gupta get caught' on the same fucking computer. Absolute dipshit.
And worst is he did those trades on office computer through his trading account. Lmao.
And if his dick shits, what's his asshole going to do?
I'd just like to run through how fucking stupid this guy was. 1) Bought calls 2 days before the transaction he objectively and obviously knew about 2) Asked for permission to trade on GreenSky and was told no, demonstrating that he was actively looking to do this 3) He was 40 and leading a practice for McKinsey, he stood to make only about 25% of his annual comp on this trade but, instead, ruined his career when he had the world by the balls. Absolute fucking moron.
Didn't their former Managing Partner get busted for insider trading too? The Indian bloke who used tips from a Sri Lankan hedge fund manager because he was mad that, despite all the trappings that come with being the boss of McKinsey, he was not making even a fraction of hedge fund money.
"Puneet **Dikshit**, 40, bought short-term GreenSky options"😂
This is the most unsurprising thing I have read in over a year.
Have the foresight to be conceived in a rich uterus. If you settle for the first womb you come across, that's on you.
Great. Taxpayers will subsidize any costs to the business so they’ll have massive profits and then when they lose money because they didn’t reinvest, we’ll cover the losses too. Yay.
Subsidies like this should absolutely be tied to air tight commitments to reinvest most of the profits back into the local economy. Should the government be prepared to take a small loss to ensure autonomy in strategic areas? I think so and in this case it seems pretty unlikely that these investments won't eventual result in a significant return for the tax payer.
The US has a strategic interest in having its own chip supply. Being dependent on a high concentration of chip manufacturers in East Asia could prove catastrophic for any number of reasons.
Not a government centralization of business at all. We aren't socializing costs and privatizing profits.
&gthttps://www.governor.pa.gov/newsroom/governor-wolf-bipartisan-governors-urge-congress-to-pass-chips-act-to-create-american-jobs-boost-semiconductor-production/So far the shortage has cost 2.2 Million vehicles. That could just be a tiny fraction if Taiwan has more serious future issues such as natural disasters or a China invasion, which could cost businesses TRILLIONS in damages to companies such as:  Ford (F) , General Motors (GM) , and Toyota (TM), Dell Technologies (DELL),  Apples (AAPL), Google (GOOGL), AMD, NVDA, and many more.&gtThe group, which also includes the governors of auto-producing states like Alabama, said the shortage had cost automakers 2.2 million vehicles and affected 575,000 jobs in the industry.&gtThe semiconductor funding passed the U.S. Senate earlier this year by 68-32 as part of the broader U.S. Innovation and Competition Act, or USICA. But it has not passed the House of Representatives.https://www.reuters.com/world/us/nine-governors-press-us-lawmakers-pass-semiconductor-funding-bill-2021-11-10/
You best start believing in bubbles... You're in one.                ^^A^R^R^R^R^G^H
Yea but rent is an equivalent liability even if it’s not technically “debt”. At least if one can own, that payment isn’t going out the window but is going to reducing your future liability (increasing equity) so that at some hypothetical point in the future you can actually own your home and not have to keep paying to live there. I wish I could own but can’t.
To be fair, one of the jobs of the chair of the fed is to make markets confident. They are always saying positive things, regardless of how risky the situation is. If the fed chair came out and said "I think we might be in a bubble" we would have an instant recession.
This is what they say every bubble... "It may seem like a bubble, but things are different now. Rates are lower, we have financial engineering, etc..."Greenspan said no bubble right before the dot com bubble.He said there was no major housing bubble before the housing bubble crash.Bernanke said we're in a new age of moderation right before the 2008 crash.The head of the Fed said the same thing before the great depression.
It’s easy, just inherit the money.
This is a first....an r/finance article that is tempered and the commentors are the fatalist.
&gtFrom my understanding it is the .01% (corporations and REITS) buying up residential properties.  This is especially true of Chinese firmsNo no no no.I'm sorry but this keeps getting said and it's flat out wrong. The problem is demonstrably supply side.After 08 we lost about half of builders, and a similar percentage of folks in the trades left for white collar work, not to mention the number of people who didn't train in the trades as a result. We did not catch up on new home builds until the last couple of years, meaning we have over a decade's worth of under supply to catch up on.There simply is not enough supply in the places where we need it, and that is the whole crux of housing prices.Go to any growing city and drive around, new construction is everywhere. The existing builders simply cannot build them fast enough, they have demand lists years long, and are slapping them up as quickly and cheaply as they can get away with. Housing prices will not ease until supply catches up, and in a space like this supply takes a long time to equalize.Add on to this pandemic driven supply chain issues causing all materials to take longer to acquire and cost more.Institutional investment, zoning laws, nimbyism all have an effect on prices, but it's marginal compared to what's going on with supply.
&gtWe’ve been in a cheap labor bubble and we are mid pop.I agree. Zombie businesses are usually defined as such because they are unsustainable without cheap credit. But you could describe a second type of zombie businesses that are unsustainable without cheap labor. I believe the cheap labor bubble was allowing the middle class to enjoy services as if they were upper middle class and the upper middle class to live as if they were affluent, in terms of the types and frequency of services they could pay for. After the wage reset the entire middle class will have to lower their expectations and use of services going forward.
I’m not sure bubbles exist anymore since the stock market has become completely detached from reality at some point in the last 15 years. If the line can go up exponentially during a worldwide pandemic where everything shut down and millions died, I’m not sure what real world changes would ever make it go down.
According to the paradox of thrift, saving money leaves resources unemployed. The question is, is the stock market a place to store your money, or a place to spend your money?After the initial funding round, and company will make a lot of money from the bank it took them public, and the bank will make a lot of money selling that stock. in that sense, purchasing a stock does result in a social change, but only initially.More realistically, the stock is a purchase of the right to vote in shareholder meetings, and access to dividends. However, when we lose sight of dividends as the end goal and start aiming toward stock value growth, we enter dangerous territory. The stock market becomes a place for you to store your money until it becomes more money and then you take it out. If everybody thinks like this, then the day everybody takes it out it’s going to be a bad day.The world is facing the several issues right now that could account for stock market growth apart from good old-fashioned inflation. Supply chain whiplash due to China being the world’s manufacturing hub, has caused a spike in demand first in shipyard births there and at destinations. Things you can’t build quickly enough to be immediately useful. We also have a spike in demand for trucking jobs which have been short well before covid.We also have a labor movement, made by college grads in student debt , and high school graduates working 3 jobs for 80hrs a week for minimum wages, neither able to afford housing.  We’ve been in a cheap labor bubble and we are mid pop.As everything goes up in price, so does housing. As people notice their housing investments pay off, or people are willing to get in on the game and prices go higher. It doesn’t help that vacation rentals turn to make more money than long-term leases.So to recap and put it all together: shipping made everything expensive in the short term, raising the cost of housing, causing a “the market is hot” , which became a breaking point for those who couldn’t afford the opportunity cost to be employed for minimum wage, causing the cost of labor to pop up. Shipping, housing, and labor all going up at the same time leads to the stock market going up.Yes the FED has been buying bonds, but even if it hadn’t, shipping would still be at a standstill. I don’t think this is a stock bubble. I think it’s the cheap labor bubble bursting.
There’s no easier way to keep the serfs tied to the land.
The life long crippling debt isn't a bug, it's the main feature.
[removed]
I’m in the camp of Fed needs to raise rates, but slowly. So this article is saying in that scenario, it’s still undervalued by 10-25% 😂 sweet sweet gainz…
[removed]
Just in case people decide to not read the article:“Sure, the market is at all-time highs. And sure, the implied return on U.S. equities is the lowest it’s been since 1961. But that doesn’t mean we’re in a stock market bubble. Despite the prevalence of meme stocks, crypto scams, and some insane looking valuations out there, it is challenging to argue that we are in a stock market bubble.”
Are bubble threads in a bubble? Possibly so, but that doesn’t mean there isn’t good information in the link.
Why can’t they just give people the appropriate cost-of-living adjustments?Get a raise, lose money on your next check. Makes no sense.
that's the most passive aggressive emoji ever
30 years ago banks actually paid depositors for saving
Anonymous sources don't count for anything.
Daily reminder that life is temporary and money is meaningless…until the next green day.
Right?!?! My teacher increase was $500 which brought me into a new, rather expensive health premium, so I am down $13 a check. Thank you for what you do
Every VC fund that went in around 2010 to 2012 returned 10x minimum. And people were saying China was an unsustainable bubble back in 2004/2005/2006.That isn't to say that the people who went in recently won't get hosed, but blanket advise should always depend on what price..
Although, the street are giving the New York Times as its source and New York Times states, "an anonymous company bondholders says"....
Daily reminder that you don’t really own Chinese stocks
That particular German fund already declared Evergrande to be in default twice and this is the third time. In all three cases including today Evergrande made the bond payment and other bondholders ignored them. Always question who is trying to push the message https://www.thestreet.com/.amp/investing/evergrande-takes-market-on-wild-ride-before-making-two-last-minute-bond-payments
You got a raise??*cries in frontline worker*
I mean, it's 29% of China's economy.
wow holy fuck you are dumb
And my boss wonders why Im mad they wouldn’t increase the 1.6% raise I got this year
Yep that's one thing people keep forgetting. If you take the last five years, inflation is pretty much right on track at 2%. If you take the last ten years inflation is low. I'm personally waiting for supply chain issues to get resolved before I declare we have any kind of sticky inflation. Unit then we just gotta deal with it.
You superstonk people get so butt hurt so fucking fast. Read the report yourself:https://www.federalreserve.gov/publications/files/financial-stability-report-20211108.pdf
Maybe you are hyperfocusing on one media headline that you felt personally attacked by, even if such line had little actual relevance.
Idk, i think we’re still at old-guy-on-nyse-floor levels as of right now, but it’s hard to say
Hah. Welcome to 08 China with regards from US.
Highest in 30 years, yet those 30 years were incredibly low.
Has anyone jumped yet?
🎢
I've been to China once back in my grad program. I took a picture from the airplane as we approached Beijing. There were miles upon miles of high rise residential. It was pretty wild.
WHY ARE YOU BOOING HIM?!  HE’S RIGHT!
Just your daily reminder to never invest in China
No wonder my grocery trips feels so much more expensive lately.
While I have never been to China, I have seen high-rise neighborhoods appear out of nothing in Korea, Japan, and Dubai. It is a sight to behold, and a lot of money has to be behind it.
Welp, time to rope.
I’ve been reading this same headline for the last 6 months.
Well I am SHOCKED by this turn of events.
Wet bot.
Water is actually not wet It makes other materials/objects wet. Wetness is the state of a non-liquid when a liquid adheres to, and/or permeates its substance while maintaining chemically distinct structures. So if we say something is wet we mean the liquid is sticking to the object.
Water is wet. A Lannister pays his debt. China is a bad bet.
While there is certainly some truth to the author's argument, his lack of research to check basic facts, like Teslas will not qualify for $12,500 subsidies in the current EV package, makes me question the rest of the evidence presented.As does the bias evident in the final line:"However, the question remains whether this is really a good things, because there is no full consensus in the scientific community regarding the general belief in the environmental friendliness of electric vehicles."Has he polled the scientific community?  Is that even possible?  Or is this just a way to ignore that it is fairly widely accepted that EVs are [MUCH better for air quality.](https://www.ucsusa.org/resources/cleaner-cars-cradle-grave#.WXyeOYgrJPa)
They don’t want regular Joe’s to take part in the financial world. That’s what it says. They should be focusing on market manipulation, pfof, darkpool, etc., all of which should be illegal.
it's as ridiculous as saying the $17 of lunch money I gave to my child resulted in immediate default of my debt of $50,000.....funny thing is, it's **literally** that ridiculous.
my accounting professor day 1 told the class to not talk about meme stocks because "just because a few of you made it doesnt mean you know anything blah blah blah" while some kid on our zoom meeting had wsb as a background
there's nothing to "uncover" it's plain as day to anyone who takes the time to figure out how to navigate EDGAR. the *system* is systemic corruption.
In my humble opinion: if a fucking joke stock can destroy the most powerful economy on the earth then that economy is made of paper cards doused in gasoline.
Yes, the exact same report I'm referring to.  Page 21 https://www.federalreserve.gov/publications/files/financial-stability-report-20211108.pdf.  The conclusion is basically that the effects of meme stocks are minimal, but should be monitored.  No where near the fatalist outlook the article suggests.
They could have said overleveraging could blow up the economy, as in overleveraging your shorts, but that's basically a "duh" statement because overleveraging is always the culprit.
I would laugh at this, except that there is nothing funny. They blew up everything by just dumping dump trucks of money, literally the only Avenue left to make somewhat reasonable returns is by buying and staking crypto.
Most of us are broke and will stay broke. These stupid moon shots actually make my 9-5 work bearable. It's this generation's lottery tickets.
I did and of course they don’t.
Did you read the Fed report or article? Cause that’s not what they’re saying…
Idk, I'm sure a non-insignificant portion of those gambling on meme stocks would be gambling in some other form and losing it all anyways.No one even remotely financially responsible in my social circle is engaging in high risk investment. I only know of degens like me doing it, and I'm pretty sure that if I didn't sink my money into shit like this, I'd be sinking it into something else.Just an ape's 2 cents
If buying and holding a stock longterm blows up an economy...that place deserves to go down.Buy and hold, that is all people do with these stocks. That is all they discuss.Not options trading, no leveraging, no hectic buying and selling or day trading. Just buy the stock you like and hold it longterm.And of course register  the stock in your own personal name on computershare.
If buying and holding any stock can blow up a market, that market needs to be blown up because it’s completely broken already.
This comment is just anger porn... Before people dogpile on me for saying this, I do NOT side with the government or big finance.People are taking crazier and riskier bets, putting their already meagers savings at even more jeopardy. We're seeing people put their entire savings on meme coins, then going bust when the scammer creators of the meme coins [cash out](https://www.wired.com/story/squid-game-coin-crypto-scam/).Taking these risks seems like "rebelling", but career investors and scammers are happy to take advantage of these impulse investments and make these people poorer.The rich are still rich after $GME nothing changed.Taking insane risks is not rebellion, it's just making the rich richer. There are plenty of ways to get more money through smarter investments. Lot of sensible and hugely profitable bets nowadays (&gt50% returns on $NVDA for me so far). Take those instead.
And they moved our pensions into 401K’s to force our money into their corrupt system, all so they could skim off that too.
Yeah, these are pretty big words coming from an entity that printed 33% of money into existence in a year and then claimed that it wouldn’t lead to long term inflation.  They don’t quite yield the power over the economy that Reddit does, I suppose.
&gtThat’s Fed-speak for We might have to do something before wallstreetbets blows up the economy. Welp, another Vice article has managed to give me brain damage.
Scare porn. Someone had a deadline and no ideas.
Meme stocks are but a small symptom of the broader market dynamics at play. Markets are currently at all-time highs, in spite of high debt levels, geopolitical risk, food and fuel inflation, and social unrest at home. The Federal Reserve has been very hesitant to pull even a drop of liquidity from the market. Only last week, they announced a plan to reduce bond purchasing by $15 billion a month.    Big picture: what the Fed is trying to do is flood the market with cash, which suppresses interest rates. Inflationary pressures force everyone out of cash and into risk assets. The money makes its way through the entire economy, thus encouraging risk taking and entrepreneurship, which leads to new technological innovations, full employment, and new market sectors. It's small firms with less than 50 employees that are currently driving these developments. Even larger corporations are now outsourcing their innovation to them. Indeed, in this market, companies that are not even remotely profitable are getting funded, regardless of size, out of hope that new growth will eventually lead to strong financials.    Policymakers in short are hoping that innovation outruns inflation, that job growth and new tax revenues masks over market pressures. Both are running very fast at the moment. The pandemic has introduced new inflationary pressures into the picture. Broken supply chains, shortages and distribution issues have pushed prices up. Governments are no longer in a budget austerity mindset, either.    There's no doubt that what they're trying to do is risky. If inflation does not outrun innovation, the current bull market could end in a market crash and a deep recession. On the positive side, supply chains may be broken, but new networks are re-forming in more efficient ways, people are adopting their buying habits, going for less bulk items in favor of better quality, and the supply shock might be nothing more than a distribution shock. This might explain why the markets don't seem too bothered by any risks.    It looks like the Fed will soon start to slowly pull away liquidity support. A few rate hikes won't necessarily tighten liquidity conditions. Indeed, historically, rate hikes in the early stages of recoveries usually flattens the yield curve. Early interest rate hikes will confirm whether the recovery is real or not.    Indeed, the problem might be that the Fed waits too long to hike rates, hesitating until the market backs up the yield curve and then hikes in response. They aren't paying enough attention to inflation pressures in the real economy, especially in key consumer goods. That can serve to fuel social unrest at home, leading to destabilizing political events. That's the risk that the Fed and the Biden administration needs to be most attuned to.
This is the third article I’ve read on this subject. Seems like they’re steering the narrative for when the economy tanks. They want to control who the world will blame.
This alone means the US economy is based on a few wealthy puppet string pullers.... Shocked.
This is the correct take, but super stonkers are convinced it’s some doomsday number.Many professionals have gone in to explain it but they don’t listen.
This makes no sense at all. It is impossible for retail traders to crash an economy.
if holding movie and game retail stock ,blows up the economy then its the structure of economy that's wrong
"Meme stocks might expose systemic risk undertaken by big players in Hedge Fund industry owing to regulators not upholding the checks and balances required to ensure that a few small cap retail businesses don't take down the whole financial system"
All meme stocks have done is expose shady ass hedge funds as I see it.
Yes, those young 30-something whipper-snappers with their RobinHood accounts and Reddit echo chambers who are at great risk of going broke gambling feverishly on meme stonks because they don't know what the fuck they're doing...they're going to tank the economy!Gimme.  A.  Break.
If the economy is not systematically corrupt, no meme stock could blow it up.
It's not the meme stocks that are the problem, it's the systemic corruption that they are poised to uncover. That's why the MBA pukes are in a froth.
If a couple of meme stocks blow up the economy then it was doomed anyway.
Yes because the stock market is not designed for poor non-acreddited investors to own anything. Just your 401K because it's the most safe. Just keep working until you're 65 with dwindling social security and pensions that will require federal bailouts, all for dollars that inflate so your real returns are far less than you expected. You're too dumb to make decisions with your money. Trust the government and the banking system. They have never failed you. Nothing to see here.
How is it a “money-making obsession?” I read the article. All it talks about is how some people may misinterpret what RRP is and why it is. This article seems to be more of a “hey look at these people who aren’t in finance talking about finance things.” Everyone in finance had better get used to this.
Yeah, now tell me right now are people being fearful or greedy? Because I can’t tell the fucking difference anymore.
Exactly my thought. Just got some money to invest this week realized it's too late for electric vehicles or microchips. Doing research for a new angle.
Was priced in on the good ones for months. This is FOMO. Dilutes the EPS
Jeez how far do you realistically expect this to extend.
Policymakers have been banned from trading recently. We just need congress to not be able to trade next.
Alternative headline: Brexit wipes shareholder value due to economic uncertaintyVenezuelan stocks are pretty cheap too.Hard pass on failing states thanks.
Of course they are... and they all know just which ones to buy stock in.
&gt	UK stocks have outperformed US and eurozone counterparts by 50% and 24%, respectively, since the Brexit referendum in 2016, JPMorgan saidHow is that being calculated?  If I compare the FTSE 100 to the S&ampP 500 it’s…not even close?  Like even if the data I’m looking at are excluding dividends or something, it’s really not even in the same ballpark.  What’s JP doing?
The joke with the alleged new logo of the fed is actually a reference to the Fed's recent monetary policy:The continuous increase of the total money supply results in continuously rising stock prices (inflation) and as a consequence most of the time we are seeing green candles in the stock charts, indicating the upward price trend.
It means the printers are about to go brrrrrrrr
[deleted]
That's a green candle from a stock chart. It means inflation if the chart only goes up.
Yeah this was my take as well. Its like all banks etc.
Aren't they just cheap because the majority of the UK index is financials Staples industrial and materials? Which always have low P/E due to low growth. They are only 1.2% tech.
If anything the negative effect of Brexit means they will sink lower.
This is not the right sub for this question/complaint. You need to call Chase if you have a question about Chase products.
It‘s working as he planned. It‘s devaluing the company‘s worth and stock price. Next year’s tax is lowered that way
It's a great excuse if he really wanted to sell
Was he really delusional enough to think they would vote the other way?
Intel is already in the contract manufacturing business, but TSMC and Samsung are considered to be more advanced.
One thing the comments below are missing is that Intel isn't valued as high as the other chip manufacturers. Everything has a price that makes sense regardless of how big of a dumpster fire it is. Right now Intel is at around 9 P/E even with its massive Capex spending.While they may currently suck at the top of the line chips and very well could continue to suck, there are other customers besides high spec. Given the other manufacturers stocks are priced 4x or 5x more expensive, it makes sense as a value play as long as they don't totally melt down.
That is what happens when you fail to deliver 10nm for 6 years and everyone else moves to deliver 10, 7 and 5 nm with 3nm on TSMC being available in 2022. Intel has superfin and release just now this week a really good platform ( alder lake ) intel core 12 gen.But this cpu has 2 issues:* double the power consumption under load of the AMD symmetric product* issues with windows 10/11 software and games because of “new platform issues” mainly big.LITTLE design.But it has one advantage also over AMD:* avaialibty to use DDR5 new ram standard but that comes at 60% higher price and again infant technology.So intel banks on people electing performance neglecting everything else and that maybe is good short terms bank. But if they leave the power consumption issue unaddressed in future platforms it might be hard to maintain parity with AMD Zen.Especially now amd will probably lower prices of current gen and speed up release of zen 3D / 3+ / 4 early next year.
&gtApple and Google are both developing their own processors and no longer using Intel.They are not **making** them though. They just outsource production to TSMC and Samsung. Intel getting into contract manufacturing will make prices more competitive and alleviate supply chain issues.
With little completion they got lazy. And, their design is tough to make power efficient.
What's going on with Intel? Apple and Google are both developing their own processors and no longer using Intel.
Torn between whether this is the innovation/pivot (slight) that they need or is a bit desperate. Certainly an all in approach where hindsight will be 20/20.
How can they be dominate? they were never really in the mobile space...Desktop/server...???  sure...as is expected for their intended trend for good companies.
So how do you explain TSMC being so successful while having a "woke" founder. From the TSMC website posted in 2018:TSMC Founder, Dr. Morris Chang, has repeatedly spoken on the importance about "organization diversification" in Executive Communication Meetings, encouraging organizations and individuals to change in a diverse and open manner. https://esg.tsmc.com/csr/en/update/inclusiveWorkplace/caseStudy/6/index.html
Too late intel...
Take your bs culture war somewhere else
About time US companies started to step up their games.
Im starting to think that Trump fella might not be telling the truth sometimes.
I thought Trump said the markets would tank if Biden was elected.
That didn't make it into the bill
When inflation is at 5% it makes the gains look better than they are.I'm still bullish for the next year, just wondering what will happen if the fed starts taking away the punch bowl/the billionaires have to actually sell some stock to pay unrealized gains.
Most peaceful year since 1913
Thanks biden
Unfortunately, in this climate, you either bro down or you go down.
I sold my house to Opendoor, who seems to still be doing alright but that information asymmetry is right on the nose. My house isn't a shit heap by any stretch but opendoor has no idea what they might be getting into. I answered a few questions online, did a video walk through on my cell phone that never focused on any details, and was more to just make sure the inside wasn't trashed. Finally they sent someone out to do a perimeter walk and that was it.
The agents combined will take 5-6% of the transaction, that's not a myth. And yes, you can, will, and should be replaced given these excessive transaction costs for being nothing more than middlemen on a deal. The service you give is not priceless, it's largely worthless.  It may not be Zillow, but it will be someone else.
There is also the fact that the sellers have inside information. Flipping only really works if the seller is restricted in some way: such as the seller needs to move immediately, or the house needs work and the seller doesn't have the capital to do it.In this case Zillow was mostly chasing a hot market. If Zillow made a better than market offer the seller would certainly know it and accept, if it was below market the seller would list with an agent.
Can Confirm
They just didn’t understand the real estate business enough and their algorithms don’t capture the nuances of an inherently local business. The Zillow rep buying the properties have no incentive to actually do the due diligence for Zillow. So many reports by sellers that Zillow reps just come, snap a few photos and make an offer on the property. No attempt to figure out what a property may actually be worth and why it may be worth less than the surrounding properties. At first, it may have seemed that Zillow was onto something, but they were dead wrong. The algo wasn’t even supposed to be risky. They lost so much money on a supposedly low risk trade. Big fail
Everyone I know who sold said Zillow offered top dollar. This explains a lot
Going against the grain here but thinking about real estate as an asset class instead of the utility creates lots of problems in the western world currently.
Real estate is not a commodity like oil. You can't reduce it to an algorithm because every house is unique. I am sure people were dumping housing on Zillow that had problems.
If any journalists wanna chase down the newest housing scam being perpetrated by these people, they’re buying and listing homes for rent at THOUSANDS above local market rates to try to drive up the average rental rate. There are homes in my neighborhood (where rents are in the $3k range for a 3-bedroom) being listed for $7k. No one will rent them. They’re listed as short-term rentals, and the only reason they’re listed is to drive up the average rental price in the area. I called about one of them just to see what would happen, and the seller suddenly said “oh actually, things have changed and this won’t be available until spring.”
So, there is the definitive value of an asset after an event (ex post- say the value per share of a stock once the stock is IPO’d), and then there is is the private valuations (ex ante) that bidders THINK it’ll be worth.When someone overvalued the ex post with an optimistic ex ante, you end up overpaying. E.g. a painting worth in a given market $1MM selling for $3MM- not an entire disaster if you hold it long enough, but at best a neutral return. When numerous bidders make the same mistake, they chase the fox off the cliff, and it becomes $10MM- meaning a substantial haircut.In this case, it sounds like they outbid themselves by overvaluing cursory ‘oh, I wish I could have that.’ for market intent. So, they overestimated the potential buyers for an asset they could acquire, and thus ended up pricing themselves out of the flip, which if done well, is a margin management game done with precision.
Lol bc it was a stupid idea. Not only was it parasitic it was just naive to think that no matter what they'd done a house will always resell. Every single project is different and every house is different. Anyone with any experience in real estate could've told them that. And the manpower to effectively flip houses on an industrial scale requires a lot more then algos and software developers.They should count their lucky stars the housing market is still hot.I work in construction and love the fact Zillow is eating crow.
Yes, but that isn't why Zillow screwed up. They were simply too aggressive on their offers. A computer algorithm wouldn't substantiate some of the prices they were paying in the markets they were in. There were some fundamentally faulty assumptions in their valuation models.
Long time real estate broker here.  Opendoor is next.  They have hundreds of homes sitting on the market in our area, Sacramento, some of them are overpriced by at least 100k.    The ibuyers said they would put us all out of business.  Well the service myself and a lot of my peers give is priceless. We can’t be replaced.   We have value. And there is a myth we all make 3-6% on houses we sell.  Most agents are lucky to get 2.5.  I don’t even charge that much.
Can you explain the individual private values portion of your comment?
&gtalgorithm-powered home buying. “There is an arms race right now of who will become the Amazon of real estate,” a real-estate professor at Columbia University recently told Marketwatch-&gtThose 7,000 houses Zillow is sitting on? Bloomberg reports that they will probably be offloaded to institutional investors like BlackRock rather than regular peopleDefinitely good for the future of the US...
The realtors always state real estate is a micro neighborhood and only experienced human realtors can price it correctly. School quality, local marketing.  Flip is cosmetic touch up often neglicted bones, structures. Zestim. for years were challenged as just an AVM.  Neighborhood realtors have a list of ready to buy clients. Z does not.
Random walks are unpredictable, gee who could've guessed
In auction theory, there is a phenomena called Winner's Curse where all bidders have same value for an item that is being auctioned but receive individual private values that is different than the common value. This keeps driving the price of the item and the ultimate winner of the item pays a price that is higher than the intrinsic value of the item itself. It is also one of the primary reasons why almost all IPOs are overvalued.Since they blamed it on algorithms, I think this is where they went wrong. The article doesn't really get into this but I am extremely curious to understand how much screwed up so badly.
&gtAnd indeed, news of what Zillow has been up to has caused a backlash on social media, largely been fuelled by a viral TikTok by a Nevada real-estate agent called Sean Gotcher that claimed iBuyers manipulate the housing market. Gotcher didn’t explicitly name Zillow but he heavily alluded to them and accused the company of using data harvested from people perusing their dream homes while they’re bored on the website. (Zillow and Redfin have denied doing this and real estate experts have noted they don’t have enough market share for this strategy to work.)
Go listen to Ray Dalio talk about  the long term debt cycle. We are at the end of a long term debt cycle. The way you can tell is because the debt crisis is at the Sovereign level at this point which is the last stop on the line. There is nowhere further to kick the can to.&amp#x200BSovereigns don't raise rates when they are having a debt crisis. They let inflation run.
It’s somewhat surprising because of the policy they released last month on QE. The BOE is the most hawkish central bank right now, maybe Canada following in second.
??? What are you smoking. Rates are the tool - you lower rates to stimulate growth / lending when you encounter economic challenges. Raising rates slows growth and reduces lending. Keeping rates low is the opposite of keeping tools in the holster. They’ve already unloaded all of their bullets and then some, but aren’t reloading the gun now that things have stabilized. Makes them completely flat footed in the event things go sideways.
Because "Bank of England doesn't do anything different" isn't that great of a headline.
Why would this action be unexpected? Both US Fed and ECB have signaled that they're withdrawing stimulus at glacial speeds and won't touch policy rates until next year. It's not like this bout of global supply-locked inflation is unique to Britain alone.
They're waiting for something. They're not sure what the future looks like so they're saying, "we'll see what happens and keep this tool in its holster until we need it." No one's sure exactly what's happening, but yeah, I've got a feeling it has to do with some social pressures, but more oriented toward energy consumption and industrial production.
&gtI feel like something unprecedented is happening and I'm just too dumb to understand it.I am also rather perplexed.
I feel like something unprecedented is happening and I'm just too dumb to understand it. My gut is that this is all somehow connected to population growth slowing and a greater percentage of the population moving into retirement.
If employers pay employees enough money to live with single full time job.
Who wants to wait 30+ years to get moderately wealthy? I want to get stinking rich in 10 years or less by high frequency trading using maximum leverage.
Oh honey, that's not strength.  It's rigor mortis
Can’t be wrong if you’ve suggested anything might happen
If the stock market doesn't make sense, just say it's priced in.
The labor force participation rate wants to have a word. https://www.bls.gov/charts/employment-situation/civilian-labor-force-participation-rate.htm
Can't be surprised if you expect everything.
And up is down and left is right
It’s painful, but required by regulation. Insurance industry, before anyone asks.
This dude is all over the place... I'm expecting inflation, deflation, stagflation, a booming economy, a market crash, and supply shortages with a good labor market that will fix the economy based on what they've told us...
Unironically, in the long, on average. yes.Since the opening of the stock market, i dont think there has even been a point where if you bought and held a diversified portfolio for 30+ years you lost money?
is that what blackrock told u to say?
“Transitory”
When in doubt zoom out
It’s about rate hike guidance. Taper was in line with expectations.
Rewrite all finance textbooks with a single page:STONKS ONLY GO UP
Because they decreased their taper from 120 to 105 billion. That's almost negligible in the grand scheme of things.
It signals that the Fed won’t increase interest rates until the latter part of 2022. The market likes that.
The stock market doesn't make sense stop trying just buy and leave it for 20-50 years
Why did stocks go up on this?
Yeah absolutely. In this market, only ones who should be losing are the hapless buyers (in other words people like me). Crazy Zestimates are partially responsible for this insanity, among other real world matters.
I work for a competitor of Zillow in this space and our ibuyer arm is profitable. Our models are very different though. That said, Zillow was pretty wild about it, and it felt like they were doubled down in a losing bet under pressure recently.
Nah, they couldn’t model the nuances and regional differences that define real estate. One example I heard on the compound show was that someone wrote in that the person representing Zillow essentially bought their house based on a faulty algorithm. Their parents’ house was on the market for a long time and no one was buying because of some little thing. But Zillow came in and the person did no due diligence, snapped a few photos and made a seemingly market value offer. The employee had no incentive to really make sure Zillow was getting a house that was worth it.
I won't lie, as much as I hate they were doing this... I probably would have sold to them if they agreed to buy at their "Zestimate" price.  It was so wildly inflated compared to the *actual* sale price of other (even much nicer) places around me that it was throwing off my net worth estimates on Mint and I had to disconnect it.  No one's going to buy my shitty house for \*that\* price.
I have been looking at the “Zestimates” which is zillows machine generated guess of a house price and they are usually very incorrect. You could see this disaster unfold from miles away when they were buying well above market like lunatics in my vicinity
Probably just bullishly staying ahead of the market. Either a) the house sells above actual value (which prob happens a ton anyways) or b) the market catches up and it still sells for list price.
I work for a "big player" and we still struggle to get materials. We have frequent back-orders and shipping delays even though we are willing to pay well above average.Its not as bad now as it was 6 months ago ago, but its still much worse than in 2019.
Please god don't bail out institutional investors in the next crash.  The American dream is not to rent your home from a hedge fund.
Imagine selling your home to someone and hoping they get fucked as a credible take on housing supply.    This entire thread is a mess.
Great, maybe I can buy a fucking house now. It’s practically impossible in this market where pos houses are going for tens of thousands above list price with cash payments. No one wants to jump through the hoops for a first time home buyer who can’t get approved for the mortgage unless they get appraisals and termite inspections done first. These huge investors need to stick to commercial real estate and stop completely fucking the lower and middle classes. Rant over, I’m just really tired and frustrated that I finally have enough saved for a down payment and closing costs and it doesn’t even matter.
Companies shouldn’t be buying residential property in the first place. It’s no wonder the housing market is fucked up from CA to NY
What makes me mad is they don’t even rent out the condos they buy. I worked under a rich lawyer handling his finances. He had 11 houses and condos all over the US. He used them maybe one week a year, the rest of the time they sat empty.
A landlord in my small city owns 33 houses, 22 of his tenants didn’t pay rent during the moratorium. He’s planning to evict and sell as we are having a bit of a bump in prices here, but when 22 houses from just one guy goes on the market… plus whoever else throws in the towel, that is going to change the math on everything.
If you have stable, recession resistent employment, significant savings, etc. this isn't remotely true.
Thank goodness we have artificially inflated housing prices or else no one would be able to afford a home!
Eh, I’ve got a pretty much recession proof job and a solid down payment built up, problem is shits jumped 20% in my area so It’s just tantalizingly out of reach.
You don’t have to pay a buyers agent.I sold a home earlier this year FSBO. Listed on MLS for a low flat fee, and in the description I said buyers pay closing costs. Sold in a day.
Everyone please resist from buying their crap at the top of the market.
Good.
Losing money on homes in the market of the last \~12 months takes talentI dont follow this market closely but I wonder how the earnings of its competitors look (or will look). I feel like this is a Zillow problem rather than a canary in the coal mine
I will note that in hot real estate markets, long term empty houses are rare.The main issue is just new stock not being built, primarily because existing home owners don't want it.
The shortages probably killed them.I would bet they modeled house flips around short turnarounds, but then it started taking an extra few months to get materials and labor which ruined their margins.
Love to see it
Yeah, I think they were flipping houses for more than 6% so idk if I would call them good. You aren't required to sell your house with a real estate agent.
The contractors and material availability is a lame excuse they’ve used to deflect blame. The idea was shit from the start. If it was good then they would have stuck with it and in time contractor and material availability would improve. They were buying highly variable, very expensive, very illiquid assets without even seeing them using algorithmic trading as if they were all liquid commodities of uniform identity. They failed to properly account for the frictional costs of flipping the homes, the cost of capital to buy the homes, and the magnitude of the pricing arbitrage they were in position to realize. Every single investor in the real estate space could have told you this was a shit idea.
Yeah, agreed - I don't hate rental housing investors.I don't know about other places, but over here there's a lot of foreign investors in particular though who are flooding the market and buying up properties, and just sitting on them.  That's creating a real problem, and definitely different from your average rental investor.
Eh I don’t hate housing investors necessarily if they are renting out the property. It is still keeping the housing stock available for people to live in, opens up accessibility to people without enough funds for a downpayment, and encourages continued construction of new homes to alleviate housing availability issues. But speculators or people reducing housing stock by owning multiple homes, they should be taxed very punitively.
Also seems like they didn't factor in lack of contractors and materials.  Most of the people who are losing their jobs are the ones who had no control.  The ones who made this bad decision just keeps on working in the executive suite.
Agreed.If an individual was aggressively flipping houses to make money and the market fell out under them and they lost it all, I would absolutely tell them that they have no one to blame but themselves.  I feel the same about Zillow, and I hope that this stings enough that other companies back away and this "business model" doesn't reappear in the future.Now we just need to get rid of foreign purchases of homes for investment purposes, and perhaps housing can become reasonable for buyers again.
That’s not what is happening at all. They were buying homes sight unseen to try to flip them for a profit. It was a super speculative business model with tons of balance sheet risk which was ill conceived from the start and never made money even with home prices appreciating because of high capital costs and frictional fees and expenses.That all said, Zillow is not a material portion of the overall housing market, so this pullback isn’t an indication of broader risks. Their business model didn’t even work when home prices were going up.
Idk why everyone is celebrating this. Paying 6% in transaction costs to real estate agents is a scam. Technology promised to reduce the transaction costs regarding property transfer, which would have made home buying more accessible. But I guess big company bad, always.
iBuying (I.e. fancy algorithm driven housing speculation) is insidious and massively damaging to the housing market. It jacks up prices and exacerbates affordability issues  for average buyers. Further, the companies doing the buying aren’t even making money doing it after accounting for expenses, mortgage interest and fees. It’s death should be welcome.
As someone in the housing market for a first home, I welcome it whole heartedly
They wanted to disrupt real estate, but disrupted their employees' livelihoods
What devaluation are you referring to? Zillow fucking up and overpaying doesn’t mean the entire real estate market is done for lol.
I sold a condo in August for double what i payed for it originally.  So satisfying to watch the market devalue and to know the investor i sold it too is now at a loss.  God riddence.
Maybe that's for the best for everyone including the housing market as a whole.  Isn't Redfin doing the same thing?  I wonder how their attempt has turned out.
The current housing market environment is not a bubble like 2008.
Hey oh!!!! Who’s ready for the THIRD once in a lifetime market crash and economic disaster within 13 years?!?! Eh anyone?
More coverage at:*  [Zillow is shutting down its homebuying business and laying off 25% of its employees (msn.com)](https://www.msn.com/en-in/news/other/zillow-is-shutting-down-its-homebuying-business-and-laying-off-25-of-its-employees/ar-AAQfb2U) *  [Zillow to close its home-flipping division, lay off 25% of staff (seattletimes.com)](https://www.seattletimes.com/business/real-estate/zillow-to-close-its-home-flipping-division-lay-off-25-of-staff/) *  [Zillow shuts down home-flipping business after racking up big losses (ocregister.com)](https://www.ocregister.com/2021/11/02/zillow-shuts-down-home-flipping-business-after-racking-up-losses) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
&gt Food packaging changing to be a smaller size right now. I don't understand the end goal here.  Three years from now, they're going to put in another order and shrink the packaging again.  Then a few years later, shrink it again.At a certain point, it would be comical if it weren't so frustrating.  Just raise the fucking prices rather than shrinking everything.  People don't pay using cash, so who gives a shit if something goes from $1.99 to $2.15?
It’s about to for food. I’m a food and medical packaging engineer for the largest private carton mfg in usa. I get to deal with the brokers and other engineers over orders and design. Food packaging changing to be a smaller size right now. Most brokers/companies like Conagra, General Mills, Kelloggs, 3M etc are on contracts that are bid on. The money is set in stone, we do not get to play with their money. If the contract is for 5 years and $70 mil per year, that’s what it has to be. If the carton was agreed upon .02cents and is now .03cents, my business has to eat that cost because the brokers profits margins will not change. They are expecting a certain amount in profit and if they don’t get it, they can take it all elsewhere. Likely out of the usa. Food is about to get 2-3x more expensive no joke. Because brokers/shareholders will not accept anything less than their contracted price, regardless of inflations. Adds up quick when they order hundreds of million cartons at a time.
This guy economics
I hate how things are framed in subjective ways. The absolute wage level is irrelevant - it’s about the market clearing price for attaining labor with the skillset needed for the job. With COVID deaths, non-vax workers out of the workforce, early retirements during COVID, and stimulus / unemployment enabling more people to step out of the workforce, supply has gone down. At the same time, with an overstimulated economy and constraints on supply chain + Covid restrictions creating pent up demand, employers are facing record demand for many product categories and as such have higher than normal hiring needs. Supply is down, demand is up, so the market clearing price to obtain labor has gone up. The cost of living for those laborers has little effect on your ability to obtain workers excepting that workers may move to lower cost geographies which could exacerbate local labor availability.
Narrator     "it didn't."
Buy a fucking pog, bro
lol no it won’t. Fuck these companies. I’ve already offered to feed and shelter my grown child because retail hasn’t changed at all since I was their age and even then retail was fucking bullshit.More parents need to step up and help change the workforce for their grandchildren and hopefully their own children.
At the entry level. Nobody is willing to work for poverty wages right now.
In other words, the government is gonna make it tougher to live so they make it worse and more expensive so we have to work? People are tired of shitty wages while the same company boast about huge profits. How about no workers no profits?
how could people make $2400 last over a year?  How would getting a job with a years long gap in a resume work, and then be able to afford a house or apartment in this bonkers market?
Wall Street doesn’t seem to comprehend the fact that you can’t pay for shit now with the wages being paid so a lot of people don’t even see the point in wearing yourself out for no reward. Their “solution” is to make things cost more…….stable geniuses at it again!
what
Probably from AEI research . . . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Enterprise_Institute . . . Their economist have been whoreing out the prestige of their education for the benefit of oligarch and multi-national corporations often and for a long time!
Perhaps he or she should represent us in the Galactic Federation?
So you think that in IRL you interact with a larger or more representative group of people than exist on Reddit?
Says the the guy on Reddit stating he speaks for most Americans.
I want it to go back to normal, and most americans do. Reddit ≠ american public
Lol these reverse psychology attacks are funny.They like to model things in a way that pushes the thoughts towards an agreement. The fact is, this country isn’t going back to normal, we don’t want it too.
Wage increases? Where?
Desperation usually does. Yes
Rent free.
He went to the island
Of all the shady shit he has done this is definitely the least of them.
When will politicians be held to a similar standard?  Too many have skeletons in their closets that should be haunting them and yet we turn a blind eye....and too often reelect.
&gt Just pay the damn bill on time.Most people can't handle this part
Sure, we can do that. How's about you send us anne sacoolas?
I would wager &gt70% people flying have a 650+ credit score.
Nice try communist!!! /s
There is a better chance that the FDA will step in and help air passengers
Lmao you do realize what country you live in, right?
For Pete sake don’t leave us hanging.
True. Jes Staley had connections with Epstein back when he was head of private banking at JP Morgan, and he was already a client there. And he says it tapered off when we left to join Barclays. So, unless Jes is conclusively involved in Epstein's dealings with sex trafficking, it seems like any regular business-client relationship. I'm surprised he resigned, though.
Staff shortages or "weather" again?
The FAA needs to start sticking up for consumers. This honor system bullshit is not the intent of the law.
Anyone with a 650 credit score and above can get a card with $500 travel insurance or better. Per Experian that’s 70% of US consumers.
You’d be surprised at how many people still galavant all over the internet using their debit card to buy shit. I don’t get why people even use them period, a credit card can do the same thing and literally give you free money for using it. Just pay the damn bill on time.
Idt you can extradite a prince
How is it 2021 and people still don’t know to book all airfares on a credit card with travel insurance?
If only there was a law, like in EU, that forces airlines to comp you if you are delayed for more than 5 hours.
Yes, saying high winds in Dallas caused delays and the resulting crew reshuffles made it worse.
Extradition baby
British investigators are looking at the American CEO, and American investigators are looking into the British prince.  This is how the fallout for participation in an international sex trafficking ring ends up being harsh words and no jail time.(As an addendum, Epstein was such a social butterfly that surely he had some associates that were unaware of his criminal activity, and I sincerely hope for any individual that is under investigation that they, in earnest, did not participate.)
Did they pull the Southwest "it was a weather problem" angle so they don't have to help anyone?
Who cares, did you guys hear about what Kim Kardashian did the other day?
Welp
Honestly at least United is keeping seat back entertainment and maintains the Polaris concept. Delta is ahead on both fronts, but as somebody who lived in the DFW region, you end up fairly locked on to AA. Even being in Austin now. Hopefully this whole “focus city” thing for Delta in Austin works. The only good thing about AA is it’s easy to add a domestic connection for free to a long haul flight paid in points. No additional charge.
I don’t know. It’s a race to the bottom between AA and United.
They didn’t. I got a hotel room comped after arguing but not the $80 one way, surge pricing Uber ride, which I’ll have to call and argue for after having to take another expensive ride back. My flight is 24 hours later so an extra day of meals isn’t comped. Their attitude was basically, “take it or leave it, you’re stranded here and we hold all the cards if you want to get back”. They were threatening people with refunds because buying a last minute flight on another airline would be incredibly expensive and nobody wanted that. This is the last time I’ll be giving them my business and I know I’m not the only one.
This story is about recently canceled flights.
I'm sure they treated the customers they screwed over with dignity and respect.
American Airlines is the worst company in the space. I hope they go chapter 13.
"Apple Cars at $50K would make the auto industry another mother lode for Apple, but I don’t believe it will happen. Apple is a high margin company and the car business yields low margins. "Same can be said about phones and laptops. Apple can't sell a high margin car? Isn't that what Tesla is doing?
Holy Christ the WSB loonies are pumping conspiracy theories in these comments, I fear they may be bleeding over.I actually think the headline here is misguided. Blackstone’s Schwartzman and others have come out discussing how ESG and the flight from oil is creating supply / demand imbalances given how dependent the world is on oil (and will continue to be for a long time). This isn’t some short term trade, there are long term fundamental supply / demand imbalances emerging which will drive up oil prices unless institutional capital reverses this ESG purism trend, and all indications suggest this will only get worse in coming years.
/r/cryptocurrency is literally just a place for people making pump and dumps to submarine advertise by paying the mods and making some manic post by a "random person" saying how great it is.  Cryptocurrency is a fantastic idea whose time has come. Unfortunately it becomes saturated with people like you every time the prices goes up.
TSLA adds another casual 200b
I love that the 8 month old name that does nothing but post in /r/superstonk /r/cryptocurrency and /r/gme thinks they are the casandra of the world economy that is such a genius they can see the future if only people would believe them.
&gtAt some point I guess the music will stop, but there'd have to be a complete panic or a massive catalyst. Perhaps Elon selling? Elon quitting for spacex?Definitely something happening to Elon, even health related. Tesla has more "key man risk" than any company that has ever existed. Apple is fine without Jobs, Amazon is fine without Bezos, and Microsoft is fine without Bill Gates, but nobody can replace Elon. At least not at this valuation.
I’ve found all explanations of crypto’s actual economic usefulness to be deeply lacking in merit. But I am open to hearing out anyone who can explain to me what useful, economically viable application crypto holds that isn’t already better fulfilled by an existing system.
Another round of volatility fueled by Semiconductor, tech and banking earnings. Straddle plays if you can afford them.
I’ll sound like a broken record, but the saying goes “the market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent”. It’s also why I don’t short. I can identify a bubble and identify when something is overvalued. Anyone can, that doesn’t take too much skill. But bubbles like this can persist for years (as Tesla, crypto, NFTs, the housing bubble, the dotcom bubble, etc all have).Identifying what will catalyze bubbles popping, when that will happen and how is incredibly difficult and requires lots of skill and luck. There are people who’ve lost their entire fund on a fundamentally sound bet when they were just too early. There are people who lost their entire fund because they correctly identified a bubble but didn’t properly architect their trade. It’s very difficult and very high risk, especially when you consider there are armies of people behind any of these bubbles profiting off them and promoting the shit out of them.
This has been going on for 2 years with this stock. They add a Ford every day right now. The pre split price is $5000, remember the scandal at "funding secured $420"?  Nobody can afford to short it because apparently there's no limit to this strategy and everybody is all aboard (I don't think it's just one firm doing it) and Elon has let you know he will not post a bad quarter by just claiming more of their welfare revenue. I suppose if it gets far enough from $0 it might become possible for someone to do the opposite strategy with puts, but the fact those don't have an unlimited side to them makes them different from calls and the current "meme" culture has made shorting so dangerous.At some point I guess the music will stop, but there'd have to be a complete panic or a massive catalyst. Perhaps Elon selling? Elon quitting for spacex? Government cracks down on "full self driving"? The solar city lawsuit result?
Back to your conspiracy cave please, this is r/finance
(Bypass paywall: [https://archive.md/SQXxU](https://archive.md/SQXxU))  In the simplest form, when someone buys calls, a dealer must buy Tesla’s stock to hedge the delta exposure generated by those options trades. If the stock keeps rising, it forces dealers to buy more shares, a process know as gamma hedging.  According to Kochuba’s analysis, Monday started with traders selling calls, which led to a slight negative delta reading. As the stock started to lift off around 10 a.m. in New York, these call sellers were forced to cover their positions. That coincided with Tesla’s share advance toward $980.  Around noon, traders began flooding in to purchase calls, sparking a surge in delta hedging that accompanied Tesla’s ascent toward $1,000. Then two hours later, another wave of call buying hit the market. The stock peaked near $1,045, right before the estimated delta hedging started to taper off.  Notably, half of the calls traded were maturing Friday. The Tesla $1,050 call expiring exactly that day -- the second most active contract on Monday -- surged to $18.19 from 71 cents, a 25-fold increase.  “This was an incredible push by short duration traders to push into calls,” said Kochuba. That “ likely forced market makers to aggressively hedge long.  ”The fact that all the trading was concentrated in short-dated options can be viewed as a tactic by some traders trying to take advantage of a phenomenon known as a “gamma squeeze” -- betting that as the value of Tesla shares gets closer to an option’s strike price, dealers will have to buy more and more of the underlying stock.  “This is the definition of ‘weaponized gamma,’” said Nomura strategist Charlie McElligott.
Yes, but they would like it if that last 1000-1500$ would finally play nice and join their pile of cash.
And on top of that, 700+ thousand people DIED. They’re gone. And many more are currently sick, can’t work. Some have Long Covid and still can’t work. It’s a void from many angles.
&gt Many of the Americans who left their jobs have sizeable financial cushions from pandemic stimulus. Workers who left retail, leisure and hospitality, and social assistance jobs typically earned more from enhanced UI than their past salaries, according to Alpert.That’s the part that I’m just not buying. People who worked these jobs pre-Covid are not sitting on piles of cash. They paid off old debts, finally got their car or house fixed, and are still struggling just as much as they were before.
My personal theory, that is based on no economic models or studies, is that the shortage won't be magically over soon.  Just from observation of the past few years.Prior to the pandemic and 2019, there was all the talk of the "Gray Ceiling" and how people couldn't move up in their work or find growth because people just weren't retiring.I figure a lot of these people retired and left the workforce.On top of that, the cost of child care is through the roof.  A lot of dual income households found a way to cut back and live on a single income.  Many former dual income households are finding that the cost of childcare and commuting would exceed the income from a second earner in the household or make it trivial.My personal theory is that a lot of people have just plain left the workforce and therefore aren't counted in unemployment numbers anymore.  I believe a large portion of the population has found that they don't have to work (for whatever reason).
The Starbucks we usually go to has been closed lately because of staffing shortages, and we’ve been forced to go to one of the 4 other Starbucks in our neighborhood. Run that through yer model, bub. :)
We called you a hero, what more do you want???^/s
If you’re at the lower end of the income sector it just doesn’t make sense anymore.  Just healthcare and childcare can eat up your whole salary.  If you have any type of pre existing condition that requires any sort of maintenance then premiums, copays, and out of pocket run on average around $10,000 a year and can be much worse.  That’s with subsidies.  Employer based plans for many workers who do get them are no cheaper.  Child care runs anywhere from $600 to $1500 per child for a month, so let’s be nice and say it’s another $10,000 on the year.   $15 hr full time is around $31,000 before taxes.  That doesn’t leave much for rent, food, bills, etc.  these aren’t just store clerk and restaurant jobs either.  Hell many state jobs require a degree and pay less than this.  Let’s face it we’ve got teachers and cops taking second jobs to make ends meet.  The other choice is to get on Medicaid and welfare.  Live with family which has become way more common.  There’s also rental assistance and utility payment assistance if needed.  You go out and work under the table for cash or just enough above board to keep benefits.  If you’re going to be poor either way you might as well take the path that gets you more time with family and a whole lot less abuse.We pay a massive price for services the rest of the world gets as part of the social contract and we get worse outcomes.  Covid was just the last straw that showed a lot of people that it no longer made sense to participate in such an unbalanced system.  It’s not even about wages anymore because it wouldn’t be reasonable to raise wages enough across the board to balance the equation.  We have got to catch up to the rest of the world and pass universal healthcare and childcare.  Tax the .5% to pay for it.  Break up the banks and these mega corporations that drive small businesses out.  Stop allowing the constant mergers and acquisitions that allow them to get so big and have s much influence.  Tax capital gains as normal income and start to change the business culture that only rewards raising the stock price at all cost.  The truth is other than the ultra wealthy people have had enough at this point.  They are tired of toiling just to feed the money lust and hoarding of the few.
I agree. I was making this point to my husband yesterday. I think they pay push for even more back to work. My boss (who is anti-return to work actually) confided to me that the other manager (a bully and micromanager) in our office is already pushing for three days a week.  Fortunately, their manager is against it. So far.The one day a week in my office comes from some unknown executive on high. People who are a few years from retirement (read: Old) and enjoy going to the office socialize. Despite having lived the new normal - they can't imagine it being the actual normal. And of course, being in management - they'll be able to do whatever they want, whenever they want.But, I also think that a lot of employers are in for a rude awakening. I think there are going to be a lot more employees willing to agitate at work. Many more complaints to unions, HR, L&ampI, etc. Much more pressing back on expectations and conditions. More people willing to up and quit if they're unhappy, etc. And, an additional concern IMHO, more work place violence.My husband is of the mind, that they might have people come back for awhile - but after dealing with the commute and in person realities they might realize it was overrated to begin with. I agree with him that return to work, at very least, is not going to be a happy reunion. My coworker told me "I'll talk to you. But I"m not talk to ANYONE else. F- these people who want to come in and "socialize"." Good times.
This. It’s a complex issue that probably has some geographic variability to it. People pointing fingers at any one issue are delusional. And honestly it’s kind of sad that people want to blame the safety net that was PPP and unemployment. Had I not gotten aid, I would be  very poor right now. But not a dollar of that aid stopped me from working, and I don’t know very many people that didn’t go back to work at the start of this year
on a micro level… pre covid i didn’t have much savings.  through out covid i radically altered my spending habits, refi’d my mortgage etc.  currently sitting on nearly 2 years worth of cash equal to my pay.   granted it’s technically losing money due to inflation and low rates.  Love having it… makes me feel way more secure.
The generally accepted credentials for a person to call themselves an economist is either a PhD or MS in economics. This guy has neither. He has a bachelor's in public policy. I don't understand why we should care about his model.    What's going on seems pretty straightforward to me:    1. 3+ million more boomers retired in 2020 than the year before, which opened up a lot of jobs.   2. Millions of people left the workforce to take care of kids or elderly relatives, which opened up lots of jobs.   3. At the same time, companies went on hiring sprees. Amazon alone hired something like 400,000 new workers.   4. While this was all going on, the service industry was shut down. All of those workers needed new jobs. See: points 1 through 3.    It's just a structural employment shift. New jobs opened up, and service industry folks took better opportunities. Plus, the labor force participation rate has just been declining anyway since the late 90's. COVID-19 just accelerated the trend.   https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/CIVPART
This 100%. Middle and upper middle class with no mortgage, over 60, pulled the pin. Buying that cobra with capital gains
An economist making a prediction? lol.
Anecdotal, but a buddy of mine worked as a restaurant server for as long as I’ve known him making poverty wages.He now works as an ER tech for a hospital making a living wage and benefits.Another guy I know went into HVAC.There’s been a big shift, at least in my experience.Even here in Vegas, they can’t attract enough people to staff the hotels. Resorts World just had VPs and other executives cleaning rooms the other day because they don’t have enough staff.
Agreed. There is a lot going on. It's going to take years to figure out. But I don't think that suddenly a bunch of people are going to come running back. Just reading the tea leaves online a lot of workers are encouraging people to quit right around Christmas or Black Friday...we will see.
Oh great.  So all of these posts about “the biggest wage hike in history” are surely irrelevant then?As I’ve speculated before, I think what we’re seeing is how terribly the pre-covid numbers estimated how many Americans were forced to work multiple, low-skill and underpaid jobs.  Now, after being touted as “front line heroes”, workers are being offered the pay they deserve.  All of a sudden, they’re getting $15/hr - where previously they needed to work 2 two jobs to make as much.  You think anyone is going back to a second job, when they make as much at one job that they previously made working two?The only way this returns to how it was is if these inflationary prices become the new norm - in turn forcing people to work a second job again, without improving their net buying power at all.  Which would suck…
&gt The other portion was a lot of on-the-fence retirees (like millions) just pulled the trigger during the pandemic, the whole life is too short mantra coupled with seeing friends ,coworkers or acquaintances die (unexpectedly) of covid, tends to sharpen your focus on life goals. I'd argue that for the near-retirees, surging equity valuations have also helped tip the scales. I think they're being wealth-effect-ed into retirement (e.g. "why work for a few more years when I'm a millionaire now?")
Because of the moratorium. People with rental properties probably decided it was better to sell them in a red hot housing market than risk tenants who couldn’t pay rent.
I agree. I don't think that it's limited to hospitality though. I think it is just playing out differently. For example, I work in white collar work, but I've had coworkers who have left recently after several years for various reasons. But a big one is telework. We've been working from home for the entire time and they've made us go back one day a week and some people with long commutes are just saying,  "F- you." And I have to admit, I nearly rage quit when they told us we're having to come in one day a week for no apparent business reason at all. I am in the middle of finishing up the purchase of a new place so it's not feasible -for now. But, I've been at my job along time and was totally content with, especially working from home. Now quitting as soon as is feasible is definitely on my menu of options. I think a lot of people have just realized, regardless of pay alone, there IS a way to give employees a better life - most places just refuse to do it. Often times for totally arbitrary reasons. In my case, my employer would literally save $100k+ a year and myself and others have even expressed being willing to take a pay cut on top of that. They've literally offered no business reasons for their choice. They're struggling to fill the positions they have open and their remaining staff is furious...It makes no sense. And employees are just over it. As an employee it feels like, no matter where you work, employers don't see morale or considering quality of life is relevant. Even when it costs nothing. And I think COVID has made a lot of people realize, there is more money available to pay people - when they want to. There is an ability to telework - when they want there to be. There is an ability to provide more flexibility for childcare - when they want there to be. It's just shown a spotlight on the fact a lot of things ARE possible with little to no expense and employers aren't doing them simply because they don't want to.
And this is just one factor. There is A LOT going on here and it's naive to pretend there is one cause or effect. A lot of people died, and a lot of others are suffering from Long COVID. A ton of boomers retired, and some Gen Xers chose to retire early.Fewer immigrants working jobs that Americans are too proud to work. People that were making $8/hour at two or three jobs found a single job paying $20/hour. A lot of moms (and certainly some dads) are now staying at home with kids thanks to stimulus and the child tax credit. Some families realized they can get by on only one income. COVID and supply chains temporarily and permanently eliminated some jobs. Hiring back takes time. Unemployment offices are so wildly understaffed they can't track people abusing the system. Idiots getting fired over refusing to adhere to vaccine requirements.
I have friends the span the entire socioeconomic range, and as far as I know people who have been in and out of labor force are doing things like flipping on ebay right now. Some just couldn't get rehired after they were laid off during the pandemic for a very long time. They were skilled labor doing unique jobs, like doing 3D visualization of space hardware and components. Another person I know went back to get a master's degree so he could get out of his relatively crappy day job.The crazy thing to me is what I'm seeing is that a lot of small businesses around me either have laborers or they don't, eventually this will result in a collapse choice for the consumer. A great example is Taco Bell around me it seems that most Taco Bells can't retain their employees. But yet last night a privately owned Mexican restaurant had enough staff to be fully packed. So this is resulted in fewer choices for Mexican food if you want to call Taco Bell Mexican food. But I don't see how a restaurant that can't open for days at a time because they can't get laborers can survive this in the long run.
This is more of the fascist ‘they aren’t starving enough’ mentality. It’s deeply immoral and a bottomless pit of inflicting suffering upon the most vulnerable by the most powerful. Considering cutting off aid doesn’t work as we know at this point, this guy’s opinion sucks.
My theory is that people found a new, arguably lower, standard of living suited them better than their previous employment did. When you move into your mom’s house and stop getting 50h minimum wage shifts with no overtime and an a-hole boss, you honestly might like your mom’s house better. People forget that lower income folks large fixed costs of living are vastly more variable than higher income folks, because it’s mostly housing.
Something else no one ever mentions- how much more are we going to ask of these people who have been underpaid for years? Out of nowhere all of us we tasked with maintaining proper Covid safety protocol “to keep customers safe”. We were left to enforce all of these new rules with no support and people have gotten markedly crazier. I’ve been coughed on, legally threatened, and verbally abused over all of this with no raise in pay.Yes, I want everyone to be safe, but I don’t think the extra responsibilities of public health should be laying on my shoulders especially if I do not get a raise in pay.
This is a huge one, I’m not based in the US but in my country alone so many online and tech companies hugely increased customer support and sales teams taking tons of people from retail and hospitality. I work on the recruitment side and legit the anount of people who left for probably the same money in an entry level customer service job pretty much told me that giving them set guaranteed hours and an office/home work to not deal with people face to face daily was enough for them to leave.
I mean, the logic is pretty straightforward if they’re saying people don’t want to work —&gt they live off savings —&gt savings run out —&gt people return to workIn terms of the reality, I’ve got no clue and I don’t think anyone else does either. An economist is probably going to scour the available data better than some random redditors, but the whole drawback of most econ studies is that the information is hardly actually available and it’s pretty difficult to measure how much money people have and how they’re spending it.
“But look! My calculations!!”
I think along the same lines as this a well. I "think" the difference is a lot of people got a chance to slow down and really look at their finances and life in general. Mom lost her job and Dad didn't so they had to make it work....and they did. Or people figured out they eat out too much and learned how to cook better since they had no place to go anyway.It's all the tiny things that are adding up. I personally think things will fall back in place in a few years. I get we're "forever" changed but IMO a lot will go back to normal.  Some families have more money because they cut out a lot of extras. Many families don't have extras to cut so I don't think will help a lot of people. I am ALWAYS in favor for the common man to have some labor leverage. Long time coming and hope more people can actually get a livable wage. To all the young people reading this, this market/economy is NOT the same that I(40's) dealt with or boomers. It simply isn't and that bootstrap shit is over with. Yes, you must work hard but you should be something out of that work.
I think a lot of people prefer to ignore the morbidity of covid 19. Thousands of people in the labor force die, also thousands of people realize that the whole essential worker was BS. Why would anyone risk their life in... walmart to be verbally abuse, to be underpaid, to have the risk of catching covid and dying?
The author reeks of resentment towards the slave classes.  He's out of his mind, and out of touch.
I keep hearing this theory that people have these "piles of cash" but it doesn't make any logical sense. Pre COVID it was often cited that most Americans couldn't even come up with $400 for an emergency. People did not receive THAT much stimulus.  The average stimulus was $3450 dollars. As for unemployment, that's harder to figure out as it varies state by state, for some people the $600 would barely make them whole. In others it was more of a windfall but regardless of that the average person getting unemployment needed it for bills and expenses and probably wasn't stuffing it away in their couch cushions.Some studies show the average savings account balance was $3500 in 2020 and the average checking account balance in 2019 was roughly $10k (median was 2k).I am just not seeing where the idea that Americans have mountains of cash to live off and will come back to work when they're gone is coming from frankly. It seems very out of touch or wishful thinking IMHO.
I like the “Piles of cash”
I would guess it's more because it sounds like a conspiracy theory rant when you don't add sourceshttps://www.democracynow.org/2021/10/27/steven_donziger_judicial_harassment_from_chevron
Butthurt chuds downvoting you because they can't understand that the same system they invest in is located on the same planet they have to live and raise a family on.
The same Chevron that pays corrupt judges to jail lawyers who win cases against them?I hope with every bone in my body that they get fucked.Destroying the planet and democracy.
Most people don’t trade. They invest. He said retail INVESTORS.
How are you people so deluded as to believe commission fees were better for everyday people? PFOF hits large trades harder than smaller ones. The little guys win with PFOF relative to commission fees.
And then you can have a lot of fun seeing how little some of them were paid in order to be cold hearted son of a guns.
This is terrible for retirement accounts and retail.  The most recent SEC lawsuit (Citadel vs SEC) over the IEX D-limit order type was very telling.The only way around this predatory behavior is for people and retirement account managers to direct register shares with the appropriate transfer agent.This poses lots of difficulty and is much easier for retail investors than account managers.  Brokerages offer certain benefits that would need to be planned for in a direct registered book entry format.That: or find brokerages that DON'T participate in payment for order flow.  If the market maker is paying the brokerage for the order flow, then your orders are the product.
Reporter: “Why don’t you support the subpoena of Steve Bannon”?Marjorie Taylor Greene: “Because I care about the people unlike the liberals” Classic GOP bullshit. They are not the party of the working class as they pretend.
This right here.
Not this POS again.
I am. Just surprised how little they even try to hide it anymore.
Anytime a congressional representative or a senator makes a decision like this all you have to ask is "Who bought them and for how much?"
pretty dumb that you made the vague comment that 'no one knows what this is' implying that you do and still refuse to 'explain' what you think it means. Seems like someone is just looking for attention
Retail investors. Everyday people.
Are you not familiar with the Republican party?
Right, so it sounds like there's evidence that companies BEHAVE as if the S&ampP sells inclusion... which is not quite the same as evidence that the S&ampP actually does it.  The article does say that its chances of being included are higher if it buys S&ampP ratings, but I don't have a good feeling of the magnitude.  I mean, 50% of the time, you'd get that result by chance.  I took a look at the paper, but it's too dense for a quick perusal.
Based on your response you don’t understand what this is
They do ratings just as S&ampP does. The fact that only S&ampP is seeing the uptick indicates its not related to preparation for joining the S&ampP, its simply to gain favor with S&ampP.
Protect broker revenues deny paid family leave. Who’s this guy working for? Not you.
How is *this* a priority for the GOP?
Blaming all politicians just creates voter apathy, which directly benefits people like this. Call out his party for allowing it.
'They don’t act in a similar manner with respect to Moody’s ratings.'
He is retiring, needs to ensure he ends up with a few board seats somehow.
When such an important decision isn’t transparently made it definitely raises eyebrows. I hope this forces a more transparent decision process. On the flip side, I’m sure the lack of transparency is to prevent any sort of index arb type trading in companies near the inclusion criteria. Even further I wonder if there are Chinese walls at the S&ampP similar to investment banks? Would the rating business know what’s going on with the index decision process? Is senior management of either area surveilled in anyway?
Not saying they aren't selling inclusion, but is it also possible that companies disproportionately request ratings around then in an attempt to gain inclusion?
Just politicians representing their REAL constituents. US has the best politicians money can buy.
Tesla puts S&ampP in a bind. On one hand I’m sure they thought about valuation and industry skew vs. market cap weighted large cap indexes. But also Tesla is a shiny ESG story stock that may be hard to exclude because qualitative reasons. The S&ampP 500 is closer to actively managed than pure index, so it’s a little different and the index committee obviously wields a lot of power. I don’t have a strong opinion toward including it or excluding it. Either decision is defensible to me.
A study found that there may be a link between paying for an S&ampP credit rating and getting into the S&ampP 500. Most damning: &gtCompanies step up their purchases of S&ampP ratings when vacancies appear in the index, or when they become large enough to qualify for inclusion. They don’t act in a similar manner with respect to Moody’s ratings.
I think they might be selling index inclusion, TSLA should not be in the sp500. Its legit the most overpriced aspect of the sp500.
what a slime ball
This is *post.com spam, and OP is too dumb to realize this isn't /r/personalfinance.
Who is downvoting this?
Same.
I live in IT and I’ve never heard of them.
Sir, we refer to that as *doge*shit.
Why are there never any legitimate cryptoasset articles on this sub?
It's the new wave, ride it. However, 99% of crypto projects are complete dogshit. Find the 1%.
I cant believe this is allowed in this sub.Insanity.
On the rare occasion I do have a smoke it’s never as satisfying as I imagined. It’s never as enjoyable as I remember and I’m stuck with a lingering smell and horrid taste in the mouth.
Yes they do. Disposable vape sales are much higher than the mods and boxes we saw through the 2010’s
You clearly no nothing about addiction.No chemicals involved in gambling can you explain that one for me then mr genius?
What are you on about? Nicotine is more addictive than heroin jesus get outta here with your bullshit
Also quit a long time ago but I have the opposite reaction, cigarettes smell absolutely disgusting to me nowWeird how our brains work
I watched my ex’s grandmother die of lung cancer when they took her in for end of life care.  It was one of the most traumatic ways to die I’ve ever come to know, gasping and wheezing and in pain the entire timeBuy yeah, life’s greatest pleasures, right?  Every cigarette stacks up a debt that **will** be paid
The fuck is wrong with you? /u/Jooniac you're doing great don't listen to this dickhead
What a huge coincidence that the only vape device approved so far was produced by a tobacco company.
It's a good idea. I used meth to get over my coffee addiction.
Quit 17 years ago. Every now and then I’ll smell one burning and I’d be lying if I said I don’t miss it. Never again though. Couldn’t stand the control they had over me at the end.
I agree that big tobacco is just protecting its self-interest in the war against vapes, but vapes being sold to youths who have never touched tobacco is not absurd at all. Within my own social circles I see a huge percentage of people taking up vaping who have never touched a cigarette, especially girls in their twenties, people love that coca cola flavor, peach ice tea, popsicle flavors etc. Even I must admit they taste pretty damn good despite knowing the risks.
Stay strong my man
I know tons of people in their twenties who picked up vaping who probably never would have taken up smoking because it seemed safer or they liked the taste
America's approach to Vapes is absolutely insane. In the UK, Vapes were always marketed as a tobacco replacement, nearly everyone who vapes is a former smoker. This idea that vaping is sold to youths who have never touched tobacco is absurd
You should start gambling. Maybe it will help you quit smoking.
Im glad I started smoking cigarettes, they really helped me quit vaping. Now I don’t vape at all. 🚬🗿
Such an addictive chemical. Haven’t had a cig in 7 years and i *still* get cravings
Yes plus maybe some people stockpiled cigarettes due to lockdowns :)
Stressful times.
I know I’ve thought about having a cigarette a lot this past 18 months or so.
So the war was not between the government vs vape companies but between tabacco companies vs vapes. Nobody cares about health here but they make it seem so
Yes I definitely agree with you. I also suspect that only the big tobacco vapes will stay on the market since emerging companies can’t handle all the regulatory requirements etc ... must be extremely costly to have enough lawyers &amp consultants for that
Probably because they basically banned vaping. Now you can only get like Tabacco flavored nicotine for vapes so what is the point really?They framed that ban as a “save the children” initiative but all it really did was strengthen the existing tabacco companies and their “vapes”
Sort of like how Trump immediately took credit for Obama's economy
I really am sick of seeing misleading political articles and hot takes in what ought to be a fairly objective subreddit.The deficit shrinking is neither the result of the Biden nor the Trump administration.  It's pretty obviously the result of a reduced need for emergency spending compared to the start of the pandemic in 2020.It feels like every time I come into this subreddit, there's some bullshit article with half/no truths in it and a sensationalized headline that someone's trying to peddle for ideological purposes, and I'm sick of it.  I didn't subscribe to /r/finance for ideological hot takes.
If we want to be factual, what branch of govt creates the budget?
Can we acknowledge for half a second how bull crap this is. I don’t like trump and I begrudgingly support Biden but really? “We don’t spend as much money when not in a pandemic, the president elected 10 months ago is to thank!” Bullshit
The president has very little say in what the federal reserve does with its money. People are striking because democrats made sure enough pressure was applied at the beginning of this covid mess to governing bodies to make sure everything was shut down. Who didn’t shut down? That’s right, all the big box stores got to stay open while small business owners were threatened with jail time if they dare open their non essential business during covid lock downs. Imagine we closed big box stores and left small businesses open. That wouldn’t work so great because Nancy pelosi’s calls on Microsoft would have drastically dipped in value.
I came here for this, the headline is so objectively idiotic. Let’s review in a year.!RemindMe 1 year
Finance is the art of predicting future cash flows.What is your prediction 10 years from now? What is your prediction what happens over the next 10 years.This cannot continue at this pace.**tldr** [This is bad for the future](https://i.imgur.com/QAk2BA2.png)
This is so cherry picked lol we had unprecedented fiscal spending in 2020 to help with the lockdowns.  This article has 0 value.
&gt I get it: Tesla is striving for something radically different while most other car makers are focused largely on EV drivetrains. Tesla is a tech company not a car company. Man, their marketing is really effective. Tesla is a car manufacturer doind the exact same things as other manufacturers of EVs.
Went bankrupt for 4.5 bil, uses 4.2 bil on tsla lol
The budget for this year was passed under the Trump administration.\&gt The United States federal budget for fiscal year 2021 runs from October 1, 2020 to September 30, 2021.  The government was initially funded through a series of five temporary continuing resolutions.  The final funding package was passed as a consolidated spending bill on December 27, 2020, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021.
I'm pretty anti Musk, but it doesn't take much to buy a Tesla and plenty high earners are on Reddit. Just because you're poor doesn't mean we all are.
Cultists like you don't help the cause. Making a case for this company based on fundamentals isn't possible and anyone that trys sounds suspicious and high on kool-aid to me. I'm not opposed to you making a killing on this thing and congratulations if that's the case but don't piss on my head and tell me it's raining hahaha fuck off
I'm not arguing that Tesla shouldn't demand a higher valuation. Just they are valued too high. Take Ford, does 3x gain on margin demand a nearly 17x premium on the overall market cap? It seems like a lot. Like I mentioned in another comment, Tesla doesn't seem to be priced as a growth stock, but a stock that has already fulfilled its growth goals despite selling only a fraction of many of its competitors.
Their cars are shit. I owned one for 9 months. Doors wouldn’t close. Damn thing leaked water through the windows and I could never get a proper alignment.
Because the valuation implies that the majority of cars in the future will be made by Tesla, which is dumb
40x sales is the new 20x earnings
Finally! Someone else that gets it about not getting it.I get it:  Tesla is striving for something radically different while most other car makers are focused largely on EV drivetrains.  Tesla is a tech company not a car company. I feel that Tesla's risk of being undercut by competition, particularly those that have been around for 100+ years, is something that just ought not be overlooked.  It's still very much a luxury car brand than a everyday joe vehicle.  That's not to say they won't be successful in the long run.  It's just overall interesting to watch play out.
Oh so if Toyota bought Snapchat, it'd be worth a billion dollars too?Is that how it works? Please tell me more cutting-edge analysis from you smart smart Tesla people.
No where to park your cash when interest rates are basically zero. So big money is just yeeting their cash onto anything which can return a quick ROI.
Oh I thought it was valuation as a car company x valuation as a tech company x 10.
24 million cars to get $1 trillion in revenue. total car market is $5T.
No, it's priced at more than $1 Trillion. Stock prices are not equal to value.
Lol. Jesus Christ you Tesla people are ridiculous. Mother fucker is out here test driving electric cars to defend Elon on reddit.
Then educate me.What has occurred today, outside of this highly publicized order, that would justify a 10% increase in share price in a single day of trading?
A car tech company.
Pump and dump of the highest order
Except it didn't. Apple market share in smartphones has been consistently between 12 and 21%, with 15% as of Q2 2021, with relatively "new" manufacturers constantly gaining more market share. This means if we use your example to extrapolate to the automobile market there will be new companies in the near future that will take very big chunk of Tesla's market share in EV.Having said that, automobile market is a bit different - we already have huge companies like VW and Ford (but not only those) which have the means to built (or have already done/started) EV production lines + have the know how in automobile manufacturing. VW can easily dump the prices in their biggest markets and produce (and sell) much more than Tesla - especially in Europe. In Asia we'll most probably see a lot of new EVs from Toyota, but also Kia etc. And the biggest advantage of all those cars? They will be priced much better than Tesla. Because, even though Americans on Reddit might think otherwise, most of the people in other countries have it much worse than an average US citizen and simply can't afford Tesla. But an electric VW replacing a Golf or maybe electric Corolla? That's a totally different story.
At the end of the day, no car company is worth nor will ever be worth $1 trillion. That's it. No amount of big brain mental gymnastics can get around the fact that automobile manufacturing is a capital intensive, low margin, cyclical business.
&gtThey taycan is one of *porsches* top selling vehiclesKeyword is *Porsche's* top selling vehicle.Porsche delivered 57,294 vehicle in 2020. That is EVERY vehicle, not just Taycan.Tesla delivered just under 500,000 vehicles in 2020.The point was Porsche will never compete with Tesla, they simply don't produce enough vehicles to ever even gain 1% of EV market share.No rental company will ever have this type of deal with them, because 1. they don't produce enough vehicles, and 2. the starting price is over $100k which would never be profitable as a rental.The only thing the Taycan will be competing with is the buyers of the Plaid Model S and Roadster.
Wait, is this a fleet purchase by *the* **Hertz**?One of the world's largest and least profitable car rental companies, formerly a wholly owned subsidiary and product whore of the Ford Motor Company, recently bankrupt **Hertz**?Wowee!
It’s a tech company
There's being a major player, but Tesla is currently being priced like they're going to be the Standard Oil of electrification.
Except Tesla is not going to own half of the car market. Nor are they going to have an app-store where they can take fees off of every purchase made on the said store.Tesla’s a growing company with promising prospects, but its not going to dominate the entire car market, which the valuation already implies.
&gt Have you driven both?I've ridden in both.&gt They are nothing alikeAgreed. The porsche seems much better from an engineering and fit &amp finish perspective. You can also get it repaired unlike my BIL who has been waiting months for his Tesla to be fixed.&gt Tesla is far better from a mass-market perspective.Not in the meet ups I've been to. The Porsche seems to get much more attention unless it's a Plaid, which is a totally different animal than other Teslas.&gt Tell me when lightning delivers en masseOKRemindMe! 7 MonthsTell me when the Cyber Truck actually ships
&gtSurely, Apple can't be worth more than Nokia, RIM, and Palm combined, can they?Today or in 2005? Because if I recall correctly in the mid 2000s RIM and Apple were similarly priced based on market cap, and Apple did a hell of a lot more than RIM did. Because at the time the numbers supported relatively similar valuations.Right now Tesla investors seem investing assuming that this is an accurate price based on everything their roadmap, and some things that arent, coming to fruition. In my mind that is an exceptionally risky proposition.Just using this here, 10% increase based on 100,000 in unit sales? The contract would be worth 4.2B. How does that translate to 100B is new market cap value? Even if all the other major rental companies follow suit total value of the contracts would be like 20B. I'm not saying they dont deserve a healthy valuation, just that the numbers in my mind dont justify what its at right now.
32 now.
How many cars in the next 20 years do they need to sell annually to justify this kind of valuation?
This company is so strange fiscally
Yeah but *it's not just a car company*
180% of the cars on the road in 2036 will be Tesla’s according to the stock price.
And people think a 25 PE (that’s price/Earnings) multiplier is overvalued.Bitch, this is a 25 PR!
Forward forward looking
Do you really think Tesla will capture and keep a majority of the auto market long term?
What percentage of cars on the road in 15 years time will be electric in your opinion? How many will be Teslas?
It is just complete madness. I understand that I have missed out on so many gains by not fucking with this stock but I am not ashamed to say that I just don't get it and am afraid of it. Hertz would have to make this deal 200x for Tesla to realize a trillion dollars in REVENUE. How has this fucking company memed itself to be worth a trillion dollars it breaks my brain
Have you driven those other cars?  It’s not the same, I’m sorry. Tesla has them beat by a long margin.
With Tesla though? Long term? Other car companies are quickly catching up. The new Porsche is an amazing car. Ford is electrifying it's fleet. The new trucks are generating a ton of buzz.
Not total madness. If hertz is going electric on their fleet, other rental car companies likely will too in the near future.
Gets a 4 bil contract, gains $100 bil in market cap.
Madness. $4 bill purchase from a literally bankrupt buyer. Nothing put to paper yet but a 10% move on a large cap company like it's a penny stock.
Where's Burry at?
More coverage at:*  [Tesla hits $1 trillion market capitalization on series of good news (msn.com)](https://www.msn.com/en-us/autos/news/tesla-hits-1-trillion-market-capitalization-on-series-of-good-news/ar-AAPWiMl) *  [Hertz to buy 100K Tesla Model 3 cars in push for EV rentals (cbsnews.com)](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/hertz-100000-tesla-model-3-car-rental/) *  [Hertz Orders 100,000 Teslas, Will Set Up Electric Vehicle Charging Network (newsweek.com)](https://www.newsweek.com/hertz-orders-100000-teslas-will-set-electric-vehicle-charging-network-1642255) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
He's the CEO of a Fortune 500 financial services company. His commentary is relevant as his opinions can impact operations for square and by extension the payment transfer systems for millions of people. His opinion can be wrong and newsworthy at the same time.
He's a tech bro, and while they notoriously think that makes them experts in everything - it does not.
Why is this news? What credibility does he have to make such a statement? CNBC is garbage.
He’s all in on Bitcoin. His economic preeminence requires hyperinflation.
I may not agree with Dorsey about hyperinflation but I agree with his choice in tshirts - that tie-dye is rad
It’s so strange how people have seemingly gotten more aggressive and entitled and less empathetic over time
The article's claims that fear is the driving factor behind American's refusal to look for work is false. No one is scared to go back to work. People have realized that there is no merit in working like a slave in exchange for less time to do things that mean more to you. People are spending more time with family. People are finding new hobbies. People are taking care of themselves and some have even started their own side hustles. Sooner or later these big corporations will have to find a way to make a profit or risk downsizing due to labor shortage. The old way of doing business is losing its zeal.
Imagine treating a workforce like utter shit for over a year, paying them starvation wages, forcing them to deal with the most entitled fucking retard society we’ve ever had, then wondering why they said fuck it.
Looked it up and &gt The average Child Care Worker salary in the United States is $34,844 as of September 27, 2021, but the salary range typically falls between $31,511 and $39,669So yeah nannies aren't that expensive comparatively
Yeah, the “Immigrants taking our jobs” mantra did not age well. Turns out nobody wants the immigrant taken jobs.
Totally depends on the industry. I can tell you that the SaaS sector in tech is having a hell of a time hiring talent right now across engineering, product design, and product. Too many good offers competing for too few slots. That’s just one specific sector of an industry though.
That last line gets me. I work with a guy who has two kids with his wife. He and his wife have never done a load of laundry. That's right. They actually take every bit of their laundry to the cleaners to be cleaned and pressed. He said they drop off laundry three times a week. I just laughed at him. I couldn't help it.
Ignoring housing cost going up *10+
And, imagine working 9-5, waking up the kid taking them to daycare, coming home closer to 6 depending on traffic, kid goes to sleep at 8, you see your kids for 2h a day… Who is really raising your kids?  Not to mention they will always be sick.
Yeah. onlyfans numbers spiked during the lockdown and continue to grow
Insurance, and low teacher to child ratios.
If it’s because your employer literally will not allow you to stop at a bathroom when you need to/want to, yes. Those are subhuman working conditions.
And yet child care workers are poorly paid. I wonder if nannies are going to re-emerge.
I’ve always said this. Part of the whole reason families used to be able to live on one good salary was because no childcare, and the woman had a bunch of skills which really paid off. Eating out was a really rare thing back then, and even the groceries didn’t have a lot of pre made stuff. Families didn’t consume clothes hardly at all, and what items they did have were likely home made. All that is outsourced now, and the costs really add up.  One thing interesting is that some people would outsource adult laundry to be cleaned and pressed/folded.  It was so time consuming that 2 days of the week would be dedicated to it: wash day and ironing day.
People no longer were faced with working shit jobs or starving to death.Pick one.
And amazingly the people paid to watch our kids aren't getting great wages, so where is the money going?
Basically all the Nordic countries as well.
Almost every worker is Sick of working Hard  for poverty Wages to make someone a Millionaire  . . . Yes . . . All four !
Facts. How many "professional" level jobs are there.
^this!!!  One of the main reason why my wife quit her career.  I heard some countries have government funded daycare.  I know South Korea has one too because they are suffering from extreme low birth rate and the government is trying to make people have babies. They literally give money for having babies as well.  But i heard that’s still not enough to convince people to have babies.
Looking after people is expensive and not as lucrative as one would like if done properly… that statement applies to both young and late stages of lifeNo wonder why nobody wants to do it. If/when done, it is done at the expense of the young or elderly… sad but real
Service industry, over a decade in, mostly face to face with the general pop. Will never enter any industry that deals with the general public on a daily basis. People have gotten weird and that’s putting it lightly.
This is accurate and it’s an interesting new economic reality. My wife and I make six figures combined but day care for our child would be more expensive than our mortgage and if we have any more children it will be probably higher than the lower earner amongst us takes home after taxes are considered. In economic terms, the market value of a stay at home partner is increasing as supplementary care skyrockets in price. Secondarily, in my area it’s not just cost of daycare it’s availability. My city has grown by 800K people since 2000, more than doubling in size. We have FEWER total daycare facilities than we had in 2000. It makes no sense
Lots is people died and lots of Boomers retired, too.
I know coming from someone who worked at McDonald's for close to two years, while I was in college, with a majority during COVID it is hilarious watching people say fast food and retail jobs are not made for the long term,  but now that the people who were working there long term and were the leaders in the kitchen left(my area a lot left for jobs like door dash and such) they get mad now cause there is nobody working there. All of these people are also the ones complaining about how things are taking longer or how quality has dropped. Yeah, cause the people who were moving fast and keeping up the quality took you advice and left, and to any of you talking about how teens should fill these jobs you do realize teens can only work limited hours due to school. That means that whenever you get mad going through McDonald's on your early commute to work or you stop there on your lunch break there is most likely no teenagers in there cause they are at school. And even outside of school hours some kids have to study or have extra-curricular activities such as sports or clubs so they won't be there either meaning that for a majority of the time it is a skeleton crew of people who are probably also thinking about or planning to leave the store. I honestly can't really feel sympathy for these small businesses who tried to exploit that type of system talking about it not being a carrer or such and then wondering why their employees are leaving and not coming back. The only small businesses I feel sorry for are the ones who tried to give a livable wage but due to the loss of business can no longer remain open.
Oh yeah. Technology is making this easier too.I have a friend who taught piano on the side, while she was in grad school studying nutrition. Well during the pandemic she started doing lessons online - so when she graduated, instead of going to work for in a clinic she started her own business and offers nutrition sessions to private clients over Zoom. She’s doing it full time now.
On top of all that our previous president reduced immigration rates to their lowest levels ever, and our current president hasn’t really raised those rates at all.Less immigration means less cheap labor.And *then* you’ve got the emergence of digital technologies making it easier than ever to start your own business. There’s lots of factors here.
And what percentage of retirees acting as free daycare survived COVID, sure, but with long term health effects that make them unable to continue as daycare?
Zero mention of the extra million-or-two excess retirements in the last year causing a vacuum of senior level workers.  Frankly the labor market has never been hotter in my lifetime but so many seem confused on how to exploit it.
I appreciate your very reasonable response, you clearly have a level headed way of looking at things and I respect that.However, I don't fully understand what you mean. What does a small business owner working hard have to do with the wages they pay?Another way to look at it -- why should someone who comes in to work every day, works hard, does what is asked if them to a superlative degree, why should that person have to take a job with a low wage? They are working hard too, aren't they? The business wouldn't be as successful, or perhaps successful at all without them, would it? After all, why is the owner trying to hire them? Clearly he or she needs their labor.I think that the correct answer to your question is, if someone's business won't be successful without them paying fair wages...then their business should not succeed. And I disagree with your premise that this would put all small businesses out of business. In fact, if wages were higher, that would HELP small business because they could compete more effectively with the Walmarts and Amazon's who are able to operate at economies of scale in a large part THANKS to the labor for which they underpay.Small businesses would be effectively taking the employees away from Amazon, forcing them to dig deeper into the unskilled market and reducing their employee quality which would in turn impact their product.
So if everyone got an education who would work these jobs?  Will there no longer be a demand for the products and services these businesses offer?  Sure is going to suck when everyone at the grocery store gets an education and you have no food to eat.  40 years ago you could have a car and a house working on a factory floor.  Didn’t need an education back then but for some reason you do now? You’re either an out of touch boomer, a teenager that’s been brainwashed by fools on YouTube, or a small business owner who thinks they can underpay their employees because they share their shitty dream.
Why can't you expect that? Why does it have to cost YOU the consumer more? Couldn't the bosses just take less and give the worker's their fair share?Why aren't retail and waiting tables supposed to be careers? Do teenagers wait tables at five star restaurants? Do retail managers and senior employees not provide value to both you as the customer and the larger organization? It seems like you have a very short-sighted perspective on the significance of what is currently low paid labor in America. And in a very real way, YOU are part of the reason for the labor shortage. Your willingness to accept the world as is and not ask for something better directly impacts the world around you and you own life within it. You are making your own life worse by not wishing for a better life for everyone. And you cop it out by saying "I have a family to worry about" like everyone else doesn't.It's us vs the billionaires dude, get with the program.
Just because the third world has it worse doesn't mean that what we have is not deplorable.
Anecdotally, some of those over 65 were acting as free daycare, so now parents are having to leave their jobs to take care of their young.
Except if those people were working, which many were, or caregivers for grandkids/other people’s kids (and now those parents are SOL)I do think childcare is a much bigger part of this than anyone realizes
There was a thread in r/BlackPeopleTwitter about this a week or so ago and someone made a great point I hadn’t thought about too -Lots of people who lost their jobs found some kind of side hustle, too, to supplement their income. While that might not be enough for most long-term, and I’m not saying everyone is the next Bezos, I know a handful of local artisans who’ve moved into their side hustle full-time and aren’t hoping to go back.
In many cases, their paycheck didn’t even cover all the daycare related expenses, so they are financially better off, in addition to being able to raise their own kids.
Would you be ok with it if no one worked inGrocery storesFast foodTrash collectingRetailEducationBecause you are saying you're ok with giving up all of those jobs being worked by people and replacing them with robots. Is that truly what you believe is best for the world?
Sometimes not - the working conditions in factories and big Ag especially were never great but have gotten precipitously worse since the pandemic. Not just the understaffing but also the ways in which they often forced workers into infectious workplaces, ignored public health best practices and protocols…not to mention the delivery drivers being forced to pee in their trucks and on the side of the road due to schedulesI don’t think sub-human is too dramatic for some of these jobs
Literally, they've been saying "they should get jobs that pay better" forever. Now they have, and here everyone is with "where are all the workers?!?!?!!"
They’re waiting for benefits that match their perceived value of time.
For years I always heard people claim retail and fast food didn't need to pay good wages because those were "starter jobs" and jobs for retired people to get out of the house.  Well, the hardest hit populations by the virus were the elderly retired people.  Teenagers (or their parents) decided it wasn't worth risking their lives with the general public for substandard wages.    In 2020 fast food and retail closed and laid off their entire staffs.  In the meantime other industries boomed so the unemployed workers found other jobs that paid better, and now don't want to go back.  This really isn't difficult to figure out.
75% of covid deaths are people aged 65 and older. That probably not that big of a factor in the job market.
you can, but it's odd that it's an un-elucidated one that you're replying verbatim in a quippy way to a bunch of different users in the same thread.
what are you, getting paid for this stance?
hey, i just came in to browse, berate, and spread disease. i think you're not smiling at me, so pull down your mask and get me your manager.
Damn, it sure is crazy how all of a sudden employers whine about unemployment benefits even though they're exactly the same as pre-COVID and maybe people are just wising up about slaving away in dead-end jobs for dogshit pay.
What field are you in?  Honestly, this is the time to negotiate a raise or move into a higher paying field.  I know several people that jumped from jobs making between $50K-$75K to jobs making $100K+ over the past few months because employers' are having such difficulty replacing skilled workers.  Leverage favors the employee - for now.  Timing is everything here.
And what, pray tell, was stopping people from doing that pre-COVID?Sick and tired of employers whining about bad hiring pools when the empirical data doesn't support their alleged anecdotal experience at all. Workers get the tiniest shred of leverage for a couple of months, have it taken away, and all of a sudden the whole system is crashing down and we need to get rid of unemployment completely because boo hoo people don't want to slave away in retail and restaurants for dogshit pay anymore.
You realize the covid-based unemployment benefits ended months ago right? When they stopped there was no statistically significant increase in employment.
Riding things out due to increased savings from stimulus checks, advanced child tax credits, expanded unemployment benefits, and the moratorium on student-loan interest payments.Increased savings due to lack of vacations.Older people claiming early retirement.Pick three.https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2021/10/how-do-you-make-7-million-workers-disappear/620475
why work when you make more money from unemployment? if wages are less than you can make from unemployment, then that’s the fault of businesses for not paying workers enough.
Yes, and when they did that a lot of them realized they were working just to pay for the day care so they decided not to go back to work.
&gt total economy is down about 7 million workers. There has to be another reason. My guess is it's mostly service sector businesses that are hoping salaries will go back down to prepandemic levels. And people are at least hearing they can make more.
Dead. Or sick of working for cunts.
A lot of women left the workforce to take care of children due to school/day care situations. Labor force participation dropped like a full percentage and hasn’t recovered
What % were in the workforce
Wages below the poverty lineSubhuman working conditionsCommonplace worker abuseWorldwide pandemicPick four.
None of the explanations make sense
We are here waiting for something other than poverty wages. If we could afford to pay people well in the 50s and 60s we can do it now, especially with productivity a million times higher now than it was back then.
There are many factors.Other people in this thread point out 750k, I think maybe a million excess deaths from COVID. That’s one. They also shut down immigration. Those people don’t get counted in the workforce numbers properly and they are just not here and available. Here’s another:There’s a lot of long term capital gains out there. +100% on the Nasdaq in 18 months. A lot of people are taking profits and deciding to take a break from work, especially in two income families. If you made $20k on a $20k investment, having your partner resign their relatively low pay job (maybe they are a nurse or a hair stylist) and take care of your kids is better than having them work and pay for childcare and roughly a wash financially. Particularly if you can be confident you can walk back into a job if you need one.This will all wash out in the end. Obviously deaths are falling, undocumented immigration is on the rise again and no way the Nasdaq does another 100% in the next 18 months. Interest rates are also going up. That means higher mortgage payments for many and a need to go back to work.
Proritizing their lives...maybe?
Did they die?  I hear 700k extra people died of a disease recently.
After seeing how well Parlor is doing, how could you not? /S
You're on the wrong sub
In de-SPAC deals the shares of the pubco (ie DWAC) don’t go to the seller (ie trump) until the deal closes and the SEC will need to approve to the S-4 filing referenced above before the shareholders can vote to approve the deal (because an SEC approved S-4 is required to inform shareholders about the deal before they vote on it).  Deal can’t close until those two things happen and until then Trump won’t have any shares to sell unless he bought shares in open market transactions before the merger was announced, which would be cut and dry insider trading if he did that with the aim to sell now.  Typically SPAC insiders (and often including the sellers if they receive significant SPAC shares as consideration) will be subject to a lock up preventing them from selling their shares for a few months or up to a few years after the deal closes.  Not a trump fan just want to clarify how de-SPACs work.
Once again, Dumpy fleecing his sheep. Volume Thursday &amp Friday combined was more than 20X the currently reported float. In the SEC filing which reports the merger it says that ‘equity holders of TMTG’ will receive shares of DWAC. Presumably they already got the shares and are selling into this pump, or they’ve been selling short and will receive the shares in time to cover. Probably the second, since the first suggests sale of un-registered shares — pretty sure that’s a big no-no.Anyway, watch for a DWAC filing next week, registering a boat-load more shares.
This will end well...
Well that’s good news, but I highly doubt the mild weather lasts all winter. This natural gas issue is, I’d expect, not going to just disappear because of a nice fall.
Also, we’re giving ourselves a pay increase, anyone opposed? Too fucking bad, our votes the only one that matters.
Surprisingly the world is more complicated than we learned when we still believed in Santa Claus
“We have decided that we are allowed to continue with our insider trading schemes. Nice try plebs.”      —Congress
…and the problem is…?
They for $$ on the table. Half of them would stop running for re-election if it was outlawed
[deleted]
Someone with their Series 7 is under more scrutiny than a member of Congress. Insanity.
IIRC Congress needs to do that themselves.
Vtsax returned like 40 percent between when Powell sold and that article got published lol
No shit. That should have been a no-brained from the very start.
FINALLY JESUS FUCKING CHRIST
Can we just eliminate every single Fed worker to congressmen to judge to not be able to use confidential information to make their millions into more millions? It seems pretty ridiculous for us to let these politicians like Pelosi to monetize off of her position for legit decades?
Do congress next.
NEXT UP -- PELOSI &amp CONGRESS
Daddy Powell is doing more than SEC themselves.
Let me translate:Benchmark Investments, LLC provides a robust platform of investment products and services for your public offerings that other broker-dealers can't participate in because of  due diligence requirements.
It seems kind of generic, but I don’t think that description is that strange.
When EF Hutton talks, nobody listens.
If you ran for office on this premise (pro Taliban) I bet you could get elected. That’s the state of our country currently.
Hitler won elections. People voted for him. Do all those people get a pass because a minority of people opposed Hitler? People fought and died supporting Hitler. People fought and died supporting Kim Il-Sung. Citizens in North Korea ARE responsible for the actions of their dictator. It’s not like the current dictator personally goes out and arrests all the people who break his rules and like he personally runs all the prisons and oversees everything. Lots and lots of people in these countries really do support their government.
Convinced almost nobody studied economics on here. Usa private parties give immense amounts of money to needy countries. The problem is not us giving,  its the needy receiving.
Dude the heroin traffickers really need the foreign aid money, okay?
You're naïve. Of course we want to help Afghans - it's ridiculous given all the aid we send over that you'd say otherwise.My problem is not with helping Afghans but rather HOW to best provide the help. Freeing up foreign reserves with no conditions is inefficient and likely ineffective. The money will not get to those in need.
i mean there are probably many north korean citizens who genuinely like their dictator, or many germans who liked what hitler was doing. id agree with both those statements.
The original mention of Dai sounds like promotion...I highly doubt people that need crypto as a utility are using new experimental coins, much more likely they would use established crypto with an abundance of tools and participants.
The Afghan army not getting paid was real though.  Seems like the US had the power to pay them, if they were holding on to their money for something important.also: source for fleeing with money being fake?
the people aren’t separate from the government. how do you think they were able to take over so easily? there are innocent civilians in afghanistan, there are also many who are not.
Also: Simultaneously &amp unironically cheering crypto as a means to fund the taliban.
That story turned out to be fake. He didn't take any money
Time to be flooded with central bank conspiratard memes siding with the Taliban!
Yeah. Why shouldn't the people who stone women to death, violate children, don't let girls study or move about or live their life, not have access to money so they can spread their ideology across the world. Totally unfair. As a great American President once put it. \*Come on Man\*!
Every cryptocurrency user- “So bullish”
More coverage at:*  [No situation where Taliban would be allowed access to central bank reserves -Adeyemo (msn.com)](https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/no-situation-where-taliban-would-be-allowed-access-to-central-bank-reserves-adeyemo/ar-AAPHXIU) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
Agree, Carbon offsets is the scheme rich (polluting) energy companies came up with so they wouldn't have to clean up their practices and pay someone who's supposedly more ecological to do it for them.  It's 100% bullshit. How about we just work feverishly on eliminating any polluting energy source and make it much more economically attractive to do the right thing for the planet.
They did cap and trade with sulphates and it worked, no? How is this different?
*The idea is that any carbon emitting process, from a long-haul flight to electricity generation, can be offset by paying someone else to plant trees, preserve a forest or create renewable energy.**In other words: you can take that flight to Hawaii without harming the planet. In principle, it's a great idea, and one that helps people feel less guilty about polluting activities.*Seems like self-serving bullshit to continue BAU.
Cool, what should we do then? I'd rather start now on an imperfect solution than sit on the sidelines complaining that it's not good enough
"Net Zero"Hahahahaha This was a great plan 80 years ago. It's like an 800 pound man that was gaining 10 pounds a month finally listening to the doctors about his health and coming up with a "net zero" compromise after years "Ok doc, tell you what, I'll eat nothing but salads on Tuesday so I can eat all the bacon I want on Wednesday. This way, I won't gain any more weight! See? Net zero! For each day that I eat 20 burgers and 6 whole large pizza pies, I'll have one day of only salads." Congratulations you dumb fuck, you're still 600 pounds overweight and due for an early death.
Carbon offsets are a license to pollute.That is *unless* and *only* if the market is designed with a strong reduction in emissions **built in** and every polluter is required to buy offsets. Then it will work because it will become steadily more and more expensive for even moderately polluting industries to operate.But what we will actually get won’t be that - so no thanks.
It’s the worst market-based solution for fighting climate change and land degradation, except for what we’ve already tried
It's effectively a carbon tax mixed with indulgences for those that do and do not practice Gaianism.
An excuse for extractivist firms to just keep greenwashing.
A bunch of nonsense.
I was wondering if my 401K put me into this, you answered my question. If it doesn't include retirement accounts then this is totally BS.
I think one thing people forget is it's easy to look smart when things are going well.  The Chinese government is not just a purely logical Vulcan High Command.  They have infighting and ideological pressures to deal with too.  They may very well make a terrible mistake because they think (mistakenly) that it's the right move from a social/moral stance and/or because it screws over a party rival or something.  People think China will be smart because, well duh they've come this far, but there is no guarantee that they will.  If they think throwing Evergrande to the wolves will screw over a political rival, take a capitalist tendency down a peg and look 'fair' to their population while blaming their woes on western influence, they very well may do that.
The media loves chaos and division.Why else intentionally gaslight everyone constantly?
It does sound like bullshit. I have a hard time even believing that 89% of US stocks are owned by Americans, irrespective of their wealth. There sre quite a few large finance companies based in Europe and various tax havens, I would guess that their ownership is larger than 10-11%. I don’t know though, but it seems unlikely that just 11% are shared between 90% of Americans and the rest of the world’s population.
[Fact check](https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2018/sep/18/ro-khanna/what-percentage-americans-own-stocks/)The data in the graph stems from a peer-reviewed academic paper. However, when we took a closer look, we found the data in the graph doesn’t directly support the claim that "most Americans don’t own stocks." In fact, the actual data on that question shows that a small majority of Americans do have a stake in the stock market.
Chinese government is the wild card here. I'm waiting to see what they'll do. They encouraged property bubble as a driver of economic growth after their infrastructure build as growth engine reached its limits. Now, they started to crack down on property speculation after realizing high property prices were a deterrent for procreation of young families in their long term macroeconomic challenge of way below replacement / declining birth rates and rapidly aging population. They need property market to find a soft landing, or reach a lower landing spot for comfortable a middle class life to thrive.
&gtbuild shoddy house&gtlet it sit there &gttake loan off of valuation&gtuse proceeds to buy bitcoin&gtsell for profit to other person doing the same thing&gtrepeat&gtthis is totally manageable guys
The problem in China is that the customer pays up front and then the developer builds the building and sells the apt to the customer.  So a huge amount of their debt is not to institutions but to individual apt buyers.   China can not let this default to those citizens.
Do you know where the money to finish the construction is coming from? More debt I presume?
some of the unfinished projects that local governments have seized are already being continued by those local governments.  how they sell them or divy up the revenue will be a nightmare to resolve
China keeps assuring the fallout will be contained. I'm not concerned if development companies and their bond holders will be made whole - who is going to finish all these housing projects so that consumers, who purchased these flats as investments, can see their investments made whole? Without finished flats, won't wealth in china evaporate?
It is not that simple.Google, Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Nvidia and Microsoft have little to no debt and are sitting on lots of cash, so inflation does not benefit them at all on that front. However, a middle class suffering from a declining disposable income affects them directly and by a lot.
Drunk on corporate money.
What's this guy's problem?
Amazing the way this shit stain is suddenly capable of dictating the future of our country.
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-01-29/china-finance-official-executed-in-bribery-caseLess than a year ago?
da fuck is wrong with this prick?
It was a Chinese article my Dad sent me on 凤凰网. Here is the link. It is really long and complicated so I am not sure Google translate would be able to do a good job.https://m.365tnews.com/caijing/92961.html
China has executed a pretty large number of [executives](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-01-29/china-finance-official-executed-in-bribery-case)...
Apparently they forced entry level employees to buy company financial products and when they wanted to withdraw money they were not allowed to while the execs and friends of upper management got their money back
Over 300 billion in liabilities. I wonder for much it'll be for after assets are sold? This will devalue the entire property market in China.
For once? China has a long history of sending company executives that run afoul of Chinese law and politics to death.
The only relevant question is whether he has the cash flow to cover Chinese stakeholders.  Evergrande has been an international ponzi to the benefit of the Chinese, so if he can keep his promises there he will get to live.  If not, I bet we see an exec get executed, for once.
Middle class people with jobs not impacted by the pandemic suddenly had the same income minus much of their typical spending. And, they also received the government subsidies. Wealthy business owners received thousands in forgiven loans. Some needed that money to survive. But many business’ were not highly impacted. Thousands of stimulus flowed into the business and then into owner’s pocket. A large percentage of the population came out of the pandemic better off financially than they would have been.
Financial illiteracy is also what the article is about …
Yep but then again it's Reddit and the victim mentality is strong.
Alphabet soup title of an article
For a sub called finance, a lot of these commenters sound financially illiterate.
If we all start shilling cryptro coins and sending rockets to mars we end nobody to clean the toilet in Wendy's!
Seems like this is only going to get worse.
Elon Musk seems to be doing alright.  Maybe if you'd just work a little harder like he does?
I wonder why
LOL Bloomberg doing some PR for the PRC again
It’s not about dumb, it’s about desperation. That’s more dangerous.
I didn't know Taiwan has Nukes, is there any evidence or is it just speculation?
You’re right about the dams.  Hope Xi isn’t an idiot and destroys decades of growth he had little to do with.
Lol no, this is reddit fearmongering at its most illogical.Why would they launch warheads? *Where's the benefit*Nuclear warheads are kept as deterrents, against other warheads. No one actually wants to use them, because everyone knows to do so would at best cause the largest localized disaster of the 21st century, and at worst would end human civilization and life on Earth.Especially since China has a "second strike" policy. Which is to say, they won't shoot until someone shoots them.There's no benefit to launching nukes while invading Taiwan. Especially since projections say that, while a costly endeavour in many, many ways, the CCP could probably win in the long term.
Apples and Oranges. All US debt is in USD. Can be monetized. Not with China. Weaker Chinese economy will impact on a multitude of ways, but it'll be more like a pin prick, India/SE Asia will take it's place. You'll be just fine. Send USD to Mumbai pls kktnxbi.
Extremely doubtful. Japanese debt is almost entirely in JPY and almost 50% of it is owned by the Central Bank. Technically, they could monetize it (horrible idea, but still possible). Not the case with China.Actually, the case with China is a peculiar one we should completely disregard because no one knows how much debt there is. Some say 45% of GDP, but that's central govt debt, what about state and local? municipal? State Owned Enterprises? Partial ownership in major corporations? Who pays the debt if these partial ownership companies go bankrupt and 100,000 people need to be fired over the weekend? I have an answer for almost every country in the world. Not China. Pointless.My estimate is, on a random Friday you'll hear the Chinese mouthpiece tout their new economic reform/great march/all children should now sit and pee/no chocolate milk after 7 pm regulation or whatever and a week from then, there will be no economy to speak of. Being optimistic in this scenario.
How dare you imply Taiwan is a country!Throw this one in the gulag!
Did it 'suddenly' become a dictatorship? I thought it was a dictatorship before the golden age.
Nothing like a war to bring back the economy.
&gtinvades at least 1 country near itTaiwan is mad sweating now
Said Jim I’m short everything chanos
If somebody asked me how suddenly becoming a dictatorship would affect China's golden age of technological and economic advancement, which brought more than half of its population and a big chunk of the world out of poverty, I think I would have given a pretty great guess.Dictatorship mounted on decades of slow corruption killed the dream.
Well, seems like best case scenario China goes Japan 2.0. Worst case China does Nazi germany and invades at least 1 country near it to distract its people from the Party’s ineptitude.Gunna be a fun next decade.
I feel it my debt-leveraged options are doomed too
In other news: 41 million tether is scheduled to be minted going into the weekend
That's whatsboutism and not an actual rebuttal. The op never said banks don't break regulations, they commented on disclosures.
Agree.Yet, the SEC is more concerned with protecting consumers/retail from crypto and not banking...
Financial crimes actually destroy lives. They also have all kinds of other terrible effects. Old people lose retirement savings. College funds disappear. Divorces. Suicide.   These guys need actual prison time. It should be mandatory.  While I’m ranting, things like Wells Fargo ripping off customers so executives can get a bonus—and then *the corporation* (the stockholders) pay a fine??? No, the customers should get refunds and compensation first, and then ALL the executives remotely connected should get a couple of years in prison and lose all their assets. ALL.
Banks disclose their reserves, have minimum requirements, and annual examinations for verification.
Yes....and maybe some criminal charges .... when fraud is committed.
Been feeling that way for years. Especially when a hedge fund is slapped with a 12m fine after they've made billions. IF the regulators really wanted to stop it, they would fine the Value of the entity. 1st offense 10%2nd Offense 25%3rd offense 50%4th offense, loss of license all executives and most employees barred from trading in finance ever again. Honestly it's not difficult to find the correct 'incentive' to keep entities on their best behavior, but I digress.
They don’t have any money so how can they be expected to pay the fine 😂😂
From the article&gt“You’ll be fine even if the market drops 20%, which is very unlikely,” he said. Famous last words.
They literally made billions “printing” Tether. This is such a pathetic fine. They are laughing at the chump change they are having to pay from the decks of their yachts.
41m freshly minted tether incoming......They need to do this, top level piss taking.
They obviously paid the fine in Tether and the CFTC rushed to buy bitcoin, hence the pump
When even credit card companies think you've gone too far.
Oh no, I want to put all my money into crypto.   Are you daft? Of course, I am not going to invest in crypto. But a codified manufactured unregulated financial market that takes loans from the legitimate regulated financial space will affect the legitimate financial space when it does tank.  What does my using or not using it have anything to do with the fact that crypto is unregulated?
And it's almost like you dont realize that the banking industry spends almost 10% of the entire cryptomarket ($180B) per year on AML and sanctions compliance.  Imagine how much money laundering is actually done via crypto.
"heavily regulated markets"  What? like Everything else non crypto?  No one is expecting the entire financial system to be squeeky clean but they ARE subject to regulations.  The ENTIRE crypto space has NO regulations... but they make loans, lock people out of trading when bitcoin crashes, and completely uninsured and the price of bitcoin/ether is blatantly being manipulated.  The whole NFT space, PRIMARY focus is to tax evade and money launder.   And then the ticking time bomb that is tether. Which all the exchanges are in on.And no one does anything about it- because it is unregulated and their doggiecoins are in the green.Your whataboutism is void of critical thinking. deliberately.
41 million is nothing....  I have no faith in regulators anymore.
Tethers lending rate is at 30% jesus. Sign me up to be a lender.
Its almost like these people don't realize that the most common method of laundering money is through the banking system using US dollars
is that why Tether's lending rate is 30% APY on Kucoin now or b/c BTC is at 60k?
Ah right yeah keep doubling down….
Should've been a higher fine.
Oh yeah because heavily regulated markets are squeaky clean 🙄
41 million? That’s literally a brow beating compared to the total garbage narratives pushed by Doomberg and other no coiner op-eds.
Who could have guessed that an unregulated industry would ever do something illegal?
China won’t like that. “hey we are making a factory further away from you… in JAPAN.”
9d low? This is not news.
9 day low…
Burry and Musk seem to be the biggest targets for hero worship. It’s like everything they say, \**takes long hit of weed\*,* has the power to move markets, dude.
apparently everyone on this sub is michael burry and the sky is falling
It's a clown world. Everything has always been pay to play. \*pepefeels\*
IMO it’s about half and half but maybe leaning more toward racism. I lived in Japan for 3 years in the military and it was nuts to see how casually racist they were to minority foreigners. Going drinking with a black guy? Might as well stay home. I can’t speak to that attitude in the large cities though because I was stationed in the woods. I do know for sure that Koreans frequently move to Japan for work or study, and they’re forced to give up their family names and go by Japanese names. In Korea (like the rest of East Asia) the family name comes first because the family is the most important unit. Japanese law forces immigrants to give up their family connection and history to become “Japanese”, all so they can work as a salaryman at Mitsubishi or something. It’s pretty messed up.
The only sub I follow closely related in environment to WSB is superstonks. And while I’m happy to admit that their is no evidence of a high short interest on the company, I follow and hold for the fun knowing my long positions won’t  net negative anytime soon. My current career requires extensive research of economics trends in a variety of sectors, and my recent education track was finance and economics. I studied and reported on the 2008 situation in finance ethics. And well everyone with basic knowledge of economic theory knows that capitalism breeds competition. But as a competitor, a firm wants less competition and more market share. Which is in line with accusations of rating agencies not giving proper ratings. The congressional hearing was from 2008, the documentary on the event is from 2010. Nothing at all to do with WSB Now, I’m guessing your salty for your downvotes. I couldn’t care less to go look at your post history to find out your background and interest. I will just say you it to owe yourself to do better due diligence in the future rather than this cheap “I checked your Reddit post history” bullshit.
Really. Then why is video proof of an employee stating that the ratings are opinions in the hearing?
The one thing I haven’t seen mentioned is that Japanese business culture is almost socialist in nature, in that everyone is taken care of. This is MASSIVELY Important if you want to understand why they’re resistant to foreign management. It’s been my experience in working for a Japanese company that their management will find jobs for everyone, regardless of how much those people are (or are not) contributing to the bottom line. No one ever got fired. What would happen if foreigners took over? Many people would lose their jobs &amp income, and that will lead to a massive social problem. Petty crime doesn’t exist in Japan because everyone is more or less taken care of with a source of income. No one wants to be accused of breaking that status quo. It would be a tectonic shift for Japanese society should it be allowed to occur. I think this aspect just reinforces the xenophobia &amp the importance of not rocking this particular boat. Don’t expect policy changes in the short term.
I wonder how much of this is racism and how much of this is just the result of an incredibly repressed society. It’s the only country that has invented weird shit like actors you can hire to pretend to be your friend or boyfriend - the amount of alienation in that culture I feel like is pretty well known. I get the feeling that Japanese people are like this (to a degree, probably not completely) to other Japanese as well.
Spent two months in Osaka in 2016 for a research visit. Made a bunch of friends, but 0 Japanese. I am Chinese, even so it was a huge cultural shock.  The Japanese i interacted with were all extremely polite but would never go beyond the surface level greeting or work related conversations.  Even we worked together everyday nobody ever chatted with me about anything personal or with any curiosity of someone from a different culture. Then the young Japanese professor who used worked at my institute in Germany expressed deep frustration in teaching, complaining no students would ever be honest about not understanding the topic. Avoiding disagreement or negativity seems to be the priority.  Super weird. It feels that underneath all the order and advancements of the society lies something deeply ill.
Yeah, but the ratings agencies have their own problems
In Japan at least, they lump Japanese born abroad as foreigners too. For a while they were trying to get Brazilian Japanese to move back
My wife is a scientist and her last job was with a japanese professor who hired mostly japanese dudes, she was one of the few non japanese people in the team. She expressed similar opinions to this. The japanese employees never questioned the boss or spoke up about anything. They worked a lot more hours even though the contract was for 35-40 hours a week.
This is stupid. Most reputable companies bonds are rated by S&ampP and at least one other B3 agency.
There's a big focus on takeovers of Japanese firms in your post.  This is not "real" FDI.  Its just paying off rich people with stock market transfer.I think the real answer for low FDI, is low entrepreneurship that is blocked by the Japanese monopoly power conglomerates who can value control over Japan's economy more than Japanese economic growth.
Not south America, the south of America (USA) which are known to relying on seasonal worker who do all the labour intensive parts of farming then get sent back to Mexico. And the irony that comes from that considering how they in general tend to dislike "foreigners" and take a lot of effort in pretending that their entire farming industry doesn't rely on them.Yes obviously most places have those type of things (eg UK importing eastern European temp workers). But I just used the closest to home example because most of reddit are Americans
Chinese people can be pretty xenophobic, but when I lived there they talked often (when the topic of being a foreigner in east Asia came up) about how much Japanese and Korean people hate outsiders.
&gtIn 2019 (the latest data available), the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) ranked 196 countries in terms of cumulative inward FDI as a share of GDP. Japan came in dead last—just behind North Korea.Ok, that's more extreme than I expected, lol.
And that’s really what racism is, isn’t it?   It’s always rooted in fear and hatred, which so often comes out as an unshakeable belief that whatever in-group you are a part of is inherently superior for patently obvious but unquantifiable reasons to whatever out-group you are thinking about.
The do accept immigration, they're just very southern American about it!They let in a ton of temp low class workers from other Asian countries, but make sure they have no rights and no real road to earn the right to stay long term so they can be kicked out at any moment. This way you get someone to do your grunt work for little money without having to open up!
Great article, msg received I dumped everything into a Japan ETF
If japan does not open up and accept emigration as way to further the country… they are going to become an aging lone country.
See: incarceration conditions of Carlos Ghosn.
It’s because no one can find a fax machine so they don’t bother
A lot of this is probably straight up racism.   I’ve worked at big western companies and managed people in the US, Europe, Middle East and all over Asia.   Never had a problem, except with Japanese teams, the leaders of which absolutely *hated* working for a Baka gaijin.
That isn't quite accurate, its more of strong cultural conformity situation. A social feedback loop of humility, getting out of the way, and complying. A recipe for non-innovation.
Woah. Selling her fund tomorrow.
**WHY JAPAN CAN’T CLOSE THE SALE**  Why have Japan’s efforts to attract greater FDI failed? Other countries have seen FDI soar once they shifted from resisting foreign investment to welcoming it. In South Korea, for example, the ratio of inward FDI to GDP leaped from two percent in the late 1990s to 14 percent today. In India, the share climbed from a negligible 0.5 percent in 1990 to 14.0 percent now. For eight former Soviet-bloc countries in eastern Europe, the ratio exploded from seven percent to 55 percent following the end of communism. The scholars Takeo Hoshi and Kozo Kiyota calculated that if Japan performed like other countries with similar characteristics, its ratio would have reached 35 percent of GDP by 2015.    The Japanese market is also clearly attractive to foreign businesses. In survey after survey, multinational companies list Japan as a top place to invest owing to its large, affluent market a very well-educated workforce and customer base and high technological capacity among potential suppliers and partners.    The main hurdle to increased inward FDI is that foreign businesses face trouble buying healthy Japanese companies. In a typical rich country, 80 percent of inward FDI takes the form of mergers and acquisitions (inbound M&ampA)—but in Japan, it’s only 14 percent. Total inward FDI is meager mainly because inbound M&ampA is so small.    This impediment is a legacy of the era immediately following World War II, when Tokyo restricted FDI out of fear of domination by foreign companies. In the 1960s, when Japan had to formally liberalize its restrictions in order to join the OECD, the government devised what it called “liberalization countermeasures” to create indirect impediments to inbound M&ampA. These ranged from reviving cross-shareholding among corporate giants and their financiers, to shoring up the horizontal and vertical corporate groups, known as “keiretsu,” to cumbersome rules about cross-border transactions.*Only one major country has said “no, thank you” to foreign direct investment: Japan.*Koizumi dismantled some of the legal barriers to FDI. In a two-year fight with domestic vested interests—and with input from foreign business executives in Japan, such as Nicholas Benes, the chair of the FDI Committee of the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan (ACCJ)—his administration made changes to Japan’s commercial laws to make inbound M&ampA easier. While most of the overt impediments have now been removed, the corporate group system remains and continues to pose a major hurdle.    The media tend to cover spectacular cases where foreign companies rescue failing giants such Nissan, Sharp, and Toshiba, but most foreign investors want to buy good companies that will enhance the parent’s global expansion. Unfortunately, the most attractive targets—whether large or medium-sized—are largely out of reach because they belong to keiretsu. Traditionally, members of a keiretsu never sold themselves to members of another keiretsu, let alone foreign firms. While Japan’s economic travails have somewhat reduced resistance to inter-keiretsu mergers and acquisitions, most keiretsu remain strongly opposed to acquisitions from a foreign buyer.    Japan’s corporate groups, which include 26,000 parent companies and their 56,000 affiliates, employ 18 million people, a third of all employees in Japan. This does not even count other attractive firms among unaffiliated subcontractors and closely allied suppliers. The Toyota Group, for example, has 1,000 affiliates and 40,000 suppliers, of which the majority are tightly linked subcontractors. From 1996 to 2000, foreigners were able to buy only a trifling 57 members of corporate groups, whereas they were able to buy around 3,000 unaffiliated companies.    Worse yet, obsolete attitudes from the past still linger among too many policymakers. For instance, a 2020 draft paper issued by the FDI Promotion Council, an advisory body to the government, argued that inbound M&ampA could be a great help in dealing with the huge succession crisis at Japan’s small and medium enterprises (SMEs). The report noted that 600,000 profitable SMEs may have to close by 2025 because their owners will by then be over 70 years old and have no successors. Up to six million jobs are at risk. As part of the effort to prevent this looming disaster, the report called for “some mechanisms” to help these SMEs find suitable foreign partners and to “facilitate business transfer between third-parties (merger &amp acquisition).” That would have been a big step forward. But the final document released by the Cabinet Office in June purged all mention of inbound M&ampA. Clearly, someone thought foreigners buying Japanese companies was more dangerous than massive job losses.  **DRIVERS OF CHANGE**  Fortunately, there are some new forces that offer the potential for change. The first is a big shift in the public mood. In the early 2000s, Japanese readers soaked up books attacking foreign investors as vultures and blood-suckers—one such novel sold 150,000 copies in just a month. By contrast, only a decade later, foreign executive Carlos Ghosn became a folk hero for saving Nissan after the French automotive company Renault bought a large share of the embattled Japanese firm.  Polls show that far more people now see a positive impact from foreign companies than a negative one. There is also a shift in the business community: while the powerful Keidanren business federation remains resistant to inbound M&ampA, a politically weaker group of executives called Keizai Doyukai is supportive.  A second potential driver is the succession crisis at SMEs. Consider all the 70-year-old owners of SMEs who genuinely worry about their staff’s future once they step down. How many would refuse to sell to a foreigner if the government or Japan’s big banks and trading companies made the introduction?  Japan’s existing bureaucratic infrastructure could easily pivot to accomplish this task. The Japan External Trade Organization actively courts foreign companies to set up new operations in Japan but makes no effort to recruit foreign companies to buy Japanese firms. Finding foreign buyers for at-risk SMEs should be included in JETRO’s mandate. Japan’s giant trading companies and megabanks, with their skill set and extensive networks both inside Japan and overseas, would find it very lucrative to act as matchmakers. And as studies show that SMEs are more likely to sell to a foreign firm if they see others have done so successfully, the process has the potential to snowball.  A third driver is the push for corporate reform, as exemplified in the 2014 Stewardship Code promulgated by the Financial Services Agency and the 2015 Corporate Governance Code adopted by the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) in response to government pressure. The Stewardship Code pressures institutional investors to use their equity holdings to push companies to enhance shareholder value. The Corporate Governance Code pressures listed companies to increase their transparency and responsiveness to shareholders, while paying more attention to profitability and not just size or market share.*The Japanese government is hiding from itself how badly it has failed*.This may seem unrelated to FDI, but foreign firms in Japan see a connection. ACCJ leaders, who proposed the Corporate Governance Code to the government, believe that as big corporations face pressure to maximize profitability, they will increasingly focus on core competencies. Consequently, they will sell noncore divisions as well as hosts of affiliates that would have better synergy with another company. That would not only help national growth directly but also increase the number of firms available for foreigners to purchase. In anticipation of this development, KKR, Bain, CVC, and dozens of other domestic and foreign private equity firms are building up their financial war chests.  This logic may eventually bear fruit, but so far, the anticipated upsurge has yet to emerge. Since 2004, there have been only about ten to 20 domestic divestitures above $100 million to private equity firms each year, a figure that has not increased over time. Aside from some exceptional cases—such as the $18 billion sale of Toshiba’s memory chip unit to a Bain-led consortium in 2018—there also has not been any clear trend in the overall value of such deals. The holdup, Bain commented in a 2018 report, is that “boards and shareholders do not yet push for strategic divestitures.”  Bain added that corporations are instead taking easier routes to show higher “return on equity,” such as stock buybacks and the sale of divisions or affiliates that are either unprofitable or suffering declining sales. To that list, we’d add wage cuts. If shareholders don’t care how profits are attained, then it’s not clear whether increased shareholder power would lead to more beneficial strategies, such as the shedding of healthy but noncore sections and affiliates.  Whatever the eventual impact of these three drivers, the likelihood is that a leap in FDI will only occur following a concerted policy effort by the government and business leaders to promote inbound M&ampA. Otherwise, Japan will likely remain in the cellar of the FDI rankings—and growth will remain as listless as it is today.
SS - **Write up, this is an interesting article that I want to save up.**Japan stands apart. In the rest of the world, countries seeking to boost growth encourage foreign companies to set up new facilities on their soil or buy domestic companies, ventures known as inward foreign direct investment (FDI). China is the most spectacular poster child for this strategy, but many other countries—from India to the new market economies of eastern Europe—enthusiastically court foreign enterprises. FDI allows the fresh ideas of foreign companies to spill over into the broader economy, boosting the performance of their local suppliers, business customers, and sometimes even their own competitors. For example, when Japanese automakers brought “transplant” factories to North America, Detroit learned that it cost less to prevent defects in the first place than to fix them afterward.    Only one major country has said “no, thank you” to these benefits: Japan. In 2019 (the latest data available), the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) ranked 196 countries in terms of cumulative inward FDI as a share of GDP. Japan came in dead last—just behind North Korea.    Results in other countries suggest that an increase in FDI could substantially jump-start Japan’s economic growth. The nations that benefit the most from increased FDI are those that lag furthest behind global benchmarks of efficiency. Yes, Japan does excel in a few sectors—the automotive industry, for instance—but in many other fields, it is a laggard. Take digital technologies, which are becoming increasingly pivotal throughout the economy. When one business management institution graded 64 countries on how much economic benefit each derived from its investment in digitization, Japan ranked a dismal 53rd. If Japan hopes to reverse its stagnant economic growth, increasing FDI is an essential ingredient in the recipe.Japan’s struggles are rooted in decades-old formal and informal hurdles placed in the way of foreign enterprises’ efforts to acquire domestic firms. Fortunately, there are some signs that the country is opening up to the benefits of FDI—though it will likely take determined efforts by political and business leaders for Japan to start climbing in UNCTAD’s rankings.**DISTORTED DATA**  What makes Japan’s dismal ranking even more shocking is that almost 20 years ago, leaders in Tokyo incorporated inward FDI into their economic growth strategy. When Junichiro Koizumi took office as prime minister in 2001, Japan’s FDI was a minuscule 1.2 percent of GDP, compared with 28.0 percent in a typical rich country. Koizumi first vowed to double FDI, then in 2006 set a goal of FDI reaching 5.0 percent of GDP by 2011. At first, there was marked progress: by 2008, FDI had risen to 4.0 percent. Then momentum stalled. Despite the pledge made in 2013 by his successor, Shinzo Abe, to double FDI, as of 2019 the ratio was only a smidgen higher, at 4.4 percent. Meanwhile, the ratio in the typical rich country leaped to 44.0 percent.    To make matters worse, the Japanese government is hiding from itself how badly it has failed. The Finance Ministry reported that inward FDI climbed to roughly $359 billion in 2020, thereby achieving Abe’s goal of doubling the level from 2013. In reality, the 2020 figure stood at around $215 billion according to the International Monetary Fund, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, and UNCTAD.    How is such a huge discrepancy possible? In short, the government is using a misleading set of figures. The IMF approves two measurements but recommends only one of them—called the “directional principle”—for looking at changes to a country’s FDI over time or for comparing countries. Japan’s Finance Ministry, by contrast, highlights the other set, called the “asset/liability principle.” Although the latter has legitimate purposes, it includes items having nothing to do with real FDI, such as loans from overseas affiliates back to their parents in Japan.    An OECD spokesperson, when asked about Japan’s numbers, confirmed that the directional principle “is better suited to analyze the economic impact of FDI.” If the first step in solving a problem is recognizing that you have one, Tokyo is in trouble.
Then they probably bought in in the last... *checks ticker* 10 months or so?
you are not alone. WTF?
Back to black? It's up 450% in 5 years.
Ugh. I feel like divesting now.
She must be relatively new investing celebrity. Also whenever I heard her name come up in the last year I keep asking myself why this dipshit is held in such high regard.
Boise is actually really cool, great food and art scenes. Sounds like it’s a top candidate for the next Austin
Yeah same difference, right
The ark of the covenant but still
Connecting my 1964 whole-house pneumatic vacuum system to my home AI and exhaling performatively as I stomp around.
Exactly what is happening all over the US including AZ. Not just people from CA, tons of people from Washington State, Florida, Wisconsin…. They are from the older generation, they have retirements, money stacked from owning houses and pensions. They have the means to buy buy buy. The younger generation from the Bay Area and other high tech cities are buying houses with cash and moving from their expensive town to a new city with shit load of $$. Causing expansion and growth at alarming rates. Pushing the cost of housing up. Apartments in AZ are into the 2000+ a month. Houses are lottery style, new homes which used to be in the low 200’s are now 350k and up
And here I’m thinking she’s just a walking, talking Popular Science magazine…“In 30 years from now, this tech will be amazing and in every household!”
The hard part is we aren’t measuring the most important part of life as an inflationary metric, ie. housing. I think prices appreciated 19.2% in my city over the last year, aug 2020 to aug 2021. I’m literally thinking of cash out refinancing to just sit on cash as my mortgage affordability would stay the same. You can leverage a lot of money if you’re already in the game, which is what Bay Area transplants are doing. They’re finding affordable places comparatively and buying houses cash or with significant down payments as high income professionals. There was another article in r/economics about how everyone dislikes the bay and wants to move away.
Oh definitely. Ketchum ID comes to mind as well as Victor/Driggs by Jackson, WY.
So it sounds like what you're saying is the exodus from high cost of living California cities led to massive inflation in Idaho? The exact opposite of what cathie claims. Interesting.
This is why I think she's wrong. People with money leaving the place where people with money all spend their money and moving to places where there is less money is not likely to drive down inflation. It might keep inflation muted in NY, but will likely increase it literally everywhere else as the higher salaries or just bigger cash hoardes start invading small towns and outbidding everyone for everything.
This is so dumb, that isn’t how this works. For one thing prices will just rise to where people are moving to. Honestly what is this?
There was quite a large exodus from California into Idaho a few years back. So that’s the main driver behind the rise in prices. I went there in the summer and the amount of modern looking apartment complexes juxtaposed against older neighborhoods and buildings was really uncanny
Wow how did I never notice that. Thanks!
ARKK refers to Noah’s ark. :)https://www.scmp.com/magazines/style/celebrity/article/3123779/cathie-wood-religious-reddit-hit-trump-supporter-meet-ark
The woman is legitimately insane.
Legit? Link?
She says God tells her what securities to invest in. Seriously.
She likes to invest in industries that are bringing down the cost of production, sequencing the human genome is one of the best examples.  That theme is pretty consistent across her ETFS (space and crypto being the exemption IMO).  She often compares these innovations to historical innovations that brought down costs like the printing press.  I am not defending it, but as far as I know that's her thesis.
Up to something to justify her losses this year.....
She has really been pushing the anti inflation /deflation narrative for awhile and I can't figure out why. I'm assuming it helps her ETFs somehow?
I'm guessing it was supply side jesus.
There won't be an exodus. People want to F#$k. They/we are all going back to the cities to party and have a good time. Work is the only reason we moved to these cities.
I’ve heard Idaho is much nicer than the “potato farmland” its known as. Those “small towns” are Super rich people 2nd home getaway kind of places.
I’ve literally been looking at small towns in Idaho and the house prices are $200k more then what they were 4 years ago. And everything is more expensive than my 1000 sq ft house in Oregon I bought 3 years ago. Shits cray man.
She takes in meth and says whatever comes to her mind. She also said that Jesus speaks to her.
The classic high liquidity market of moving to another city will even everything out even though it has been the exact opposite for essentially forever.
It’s all part of the process.  Rent will keep going up until you can’t afford it, and have to leave your job move back in with the parents.  But take solace in the fact that you’ll be saving the economy and beating inflation.  Seriously - best case scenario, we’d still be looking at years of inflationary pricing if this were the case…This lady is a loon
BIG CITIES??? The house prices of my 70,000 population town cost over $400,000 and rent is between $1,500-$2,500, Cathie.
We need to stop worshiping these people, even a blind squirrel finds a nut eventually
She just says the wildest things sometimes.  I do not know if I believe her or not. But she is not someone special that has earned the public's attention on her every word.
What exodus?   Don't know about elsewhere, but rents are up again in nyc and the builders are at again....
Guys it’s totally fine!  Once living becomes so expensive that no one can afford it, prices will definitely go down!I used to believe in her claims - but now they just seems delusional and desperate
I guess the question is do you think tether has $68.7B USD sitting on their balance sheet. Surely an independent audit would be able to determine that. If everyone tried to cash out their tether for USD at once I’m sure it would be a disaster.
I think tether in general fakes it. I get the impression sometimes that they create tether, buy Bitcoin, sell Bitcoin for cash to back tether (though they haven't submitted to an independent audit of their holdings and business practices either).
Some people think Tether has a bunch of these bonds. If so Tether is going to IMPLODE
I mean the Evergrande ADR is already 30% up from it's low a couple of weeks ago while they're running straight in to bankruptcy
Muddy Waters. It’s pretty risky though, market can be illogical for longer than you can be solvent
The impact on you and them is largely the same. "Bonds trading at an all time low" is "people who loaned money to you think you're a deadbeat and they won't get paid back", restructuring is "were looking for a payday lender who will still deal with us".Liquidity is "I've got no cash" ... But sometimes it is also "I've got stuff... Will you take that instead" or 'ive got stuff, but nobody wants to buy it for what it's worth so I can't turn it in to money" or "if I sell all of my stuff, I won't be able to make any money" - depends on the company. In evergrande's case, there's a pile of half finished property developments with lots of them committed to buyers who put money down.The story evergrande wants people to believe is "if you float us the money to complete the in flight projects, everything will work out" (not really buying it, but that's the hope).
I was digging a bit and found a few the other day. It was a bunch of mutual funds / ETFs focused on international / Asian bonds - none seemed to have huge exposure relative to their portfolio (ex: not in their to 10 holdings). I don't remember exact funds off hand.
Pension funds. Most people with a pension fund don't even know what they own.
If I dont have money and rack up a huge credit card bill I'm 'broke', 'cant pay my bills', I 'owe people money' and I'm 'stiffing people' and I 'cant be trusted to loan money to'.  When  major company does it they 'have a liquidity problem and a capital inflow resource crunch' and are going through a 'major debt restructuring' and their 'bonds are trading at an all-time low' and their 'corporate credit rating is downgraded'.  It's funny how we use this less relatable language for the same thing.  They borrowed way too much money, are broke as shit and are ripping people off to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars.  They're lying, check kiting, 'borrow from Peter to pay Paul' fraudsters.  But we refer to it as a 'liquidity crisis' like they're just unfortunate farmers who ran out of water, the poor things.
Is there any information anywhere on who these bondholders are?Not just for this specific issue, to be clear - for all these bonds in general, including at companies other than Evergrande.
It reads like the entire Chinese real estate industry is coming down, so many names with "problems". Is there any good article estimating its impact on the world market? Any western banks entangled in this? Chinese buying less western products due to financial woes?
There I read "Evergrande bagholders".
We were learning about the bad accounting practices in China in my college accounting classes back in the early 1990’s.  The only surprise is that it took 30 years for the bigger companies to start to fail.  I think I would sit on the sidelines if I were a foreign investor in any Chinese debt for at least another year to see how this plays out.
OP why would you edit the title? The grace period would be per issue, not for all issues. What you wrote doesn’t make sense
&gt Evergrande bondholders said they had not received interest payments on three offshore bonds ahead of a deadline on Tuesday, as yields on risky Chinese corporate debt traded near decade highs on concerns that a growing number of developers faced default.&gt &gt The world’s most indebted developer was due to make interest payments totalling $148m on dollar-denominated bonds by midday on Tuesday in Hong Kong, but bondholders had not received any funds, according to two people familiar with the matter. The bonds were last trading at 21-22 cents on the dollar.&gt &gt Evergrande originally missed a crucial $83.5m interest payment late last month on a bond maturing next year. The missed payment triggered a 30-day grace period before the company formally defaults. It has now missed at least five bond interest payments.&gt &gt The developer’s unfolding liquidity crisis has triggered a reckoning over the health of the wider Chinese property sector, as sales slow and Beijing presses developers to reduce debt, with many of Evergrande’s peers also approaching default.&gt &gt Asia’s high-yield bond market, in which Chinese developers are among the largest issuers following decades of rapid urbanisation in the country, has been roiled by panicked trading in recent days that has pushed yields sharply higher.&gt &gt Since Friday, yields on an ICE index tracking Chinese corporate issuers in the Asian dollar high-yield market have soared to 22 per cent, the highest since 2009, compared with just 13 per cent at the start of September and 10 per cent in June.&gt &gt Sinic Holdings, a Chinese developer, said on Monday evening that a default on bonds coming due this month would “likely occur” because the company did not have enough “financial resources”. The bonds are trading at about 25 cents on the dollar.&gt &gt Last week, luxury developer Fantasia, which was founded by a niece of former Chinese vice-president Zeng Qinghong, defaulted on a $206m bond.&gt &gt Credit default swaps on five-year Chinese sovereign bonds have so far this week risen 8 basis points to 59bp, their highest level since April 2020, with analysts suggesting the move was linked to the property sell-off.&gt &gt “The problems in the Chinese property sector are now impacting upon investors’ general view of systematic risk,” said Charles MacGregor, head of Asia at Lucror Analytics. He added that Chinese high-yield bonds were “under extreme pressure given a dearth of buyers”. &gt &gt China Modern Land, another developer, said on Monday that it would attempt to extend the maturity of a $250m note by three months, while Sunac China Holdings has come under heavy scrutiny in recent weeks over a draft letter to a local government that warned of a “turning point” in the real estate industry.&gt &gt Sentiment towards Evergrande securities worsened considerably in July after a series of incidents that included the freezing of one of its deposits at a mainland bank and the halting of some project sales.&gt &gt In late August, the developer, which has almost 800 projects in hundreds of Chinese cities and has been under government pressure to reduce its debts for a year, warned of the risk of default.&gt &gt A sell-off in its bonds soon spread to other heavily leveraged developers, including Fantasia and Guangzhou R&ampF, whose bonds have fallen sharply in recent days.&gt &gt Market volatility has risen over concerns about developers’ ability to refinance, combined with slowing sales of new homes and land across China’s property sector, which accounts for about a quarter of the country’s economy.&gt &gt International bondholders in Evergrande have hired investment bank Moelis and law firm Kirkland &amp Ellis to advise them ahead of what is expected to be one of China’s biggest-ever debt restructuring processes.&gt &gt The advisers told bondholders on Friday evening that they had received no “meaningful engagement” from the company and expected a default was “imminent”. &gt &gt Trading in Evergrande shares is halted in Hong Kong, as are those of its property services unit, which noted a potential takeover offer last week.
It's not the first time in the last couple of years that there has been souring.  Where the difference seems to lie is that a full crash seems to be avoided by a different generation of investors.  Souring just means a lower entry point for many altering historical trends.
Can't be true. Everyone knows the stock market only goes up. This is America damn it!
So you're saying there's a disconnect and stocks are probably overvalued?
Yup, and that 22.8% LISEP metric is pretty close to where it was pre-pandemic. Not saying things were perfectly peachy then, but the current level is not reflective of some new issue, as the clickbaiters imply.
You have the hard part, which is being able to compare things on abstract fundamentals.  Try adding the easy part, which is not writing like a kid playing fortnite.
What you are saying is surprisingly reasonable despite not being able to spell 'you'. The point though is that people in a certain position are going to be even more hyperbolic about something already negative.  I agree that more than tiny amounts of inflation, sugar or vaping are all terrible, but peter schiff is not the person to listen to about inflation since his whole business is about scarring people about hyper inflation.    That's why people say that peter schiff has predicted 150 of the last 1 economic disasters.
I hate these kinds of articles about the "true unemployment rate". The [government has 6 forms of unemployment](https://www.bls.gov/news.release/empsit.t15.htm) they measure and report. One version of this, called U-3, has become the standard for reporting what the unemployment rate is. There's a conversation about which version should be the default, but claiming the "true unemployment rate" is 22% when doing so is not an apples to apples comparison to what we are used to is extremely misleading. I wouldn't object if the media made whatever calculation is coming up with the 22% the default, but I'm against trying to bait and switch by claiming the "unemployment rate" is 22% when what the majority of people understand as the "unemployment rate" is 4.8% because it allows dishonest actors in our society to mislead their followers. Donald Trump did this same exact thing when Obama was in office and then immediately switched to the standard U-3 definition when he was in office.
No, it has to be a massive conspiracy that I'm the victim of. I won't accept a rational reason.
1) do not be a dick or you will get banned 2) why don't you actually, you know, respond to what he said instead of whatever this is supposed to be
Extended UI ended a month ago. And states that ended it early still had problems finding workers.
I agree with this quote but at the same time peter schiff sells gold and non-fractional reserve banking.  Asking peter schiff his opinion on inflation is like asking a dentist their opinion on  soda or a soccer mom to give her opinion on vaping.
QE was to prevent deflation due to the aging boomer demo. The question is simply whether they've gone too far swinging the pendulum in the other direction.
Learned coding in 1 year with no other programming certs or degrees and were employed within a year?
So what’s wrong with U-6? Why do we need an arbitrary cutoff of below $20,000 to consider someone “unemployed”? If you’re underemployed, including part time work when you want/can be full time, it’s already counted in U-6. I just don’t see what the new arbitrary interpretation does other than generate scare headlines
Pretty sure you learn this in Economics 101
Even CPI is distorted though. The current formula allows to exclude volatile items. You know, the very reason we calculate CPI is to see the price movement, which is directly related to volatility. It’s truly a scam
Also it's so hard to hire ppl rn, my friends who learned coding during the one year pandemic are working two full time jobs remotely and cashing two cheques. They don't accept medical or health benefits in one of em, so they don't get cross found but none of these companies have any idea. A lot of stuffs are unreported.
Its the same as cpi. The government wants its subjects to think that everything is going good. Cpi says rent has raised by 2% in the past year but rent.com a private company says that rent has increased 25% is the last year. Like peter schiff says, “asking the gov to report on cpi is like asking the mafia to report crime”
“LISEP’s wider interpretation of what it means to be out of work pegged the unemployment rate at over 22% in August, more than four times the official benchmark rate.”This! If my job has 10 hours a week for me three weeks out of the month I am included in the employed rate in my state. That 30 hours a month is considered equal in weight to 40 hours a week four weeks out of the month or a monthly employment of 160 hours a month. That makes no sense, you would not consider myself to be employed in the same way that the 40 hour a week person is employed. Or let’s say my wages are $8 an hour. Is that really the same level of employment as someone who’s wages are $25 an hour?The way the US unemployment is reported is just antiquated and woefully inaccurate. I am at a point where I just ignore the new jobs reports, because I know they are practically useless.
The funny thing is we're still in the infancy of the internet and online payments. Not that many people have control over what happens on the internet but credit card companies are one of the early few.
Do you read the article? The whole thing is that our regulations are way out of date so it becomes a piecemeal enforcement of specific interests, what’s bull dookie is that these financial groups could easily lobby for laws if they wanted them but instead keep it in this limbo of total corporate control then whine when they have 100% of the responsibility shouldered on them and consumers.
This is how it's been since people started taking payments on the internet.
Nope, the law will have something to say about that..  there are plenty of laws on the books regulating what financial transactions are permissible..  maybe not every variation  but it will catch up
It already is a thing. I send money all the time with Venmo and the Cash app. In what currency? The USD.
I work in reg reporting. We still have capital requirements. Not here to hate on Bitcoin and upset you but it’s not a free for all.
You people are practically a cult at this point. Learn how to read a graph, bitcoin is insanely volatile, doesnt matter how much faith you have that it’ll be perfect one day.I own bitcoin, but not because I think it’ll be a currency some day. ‘Tolerating volatility’ makes zero sense for a currency.
Yep. World class, pure, unfiltered, uncut 100% garbage. It’s a convenient, easily explained, packaged concept that plays into people preconceptions and biases so is readily accepted as fact. As HL Mencken said, “For every problem there is a solution that is simple, neat—and wrong”
Something can be deflationary and have disinflation. They are separate concepts. Either way, Bitcoin is way to volatile to be a useful currency.
Hyperinflation,. Yeah I don't think so.. only a fool and his money will soon part trading fiat currency for digital fairy dust...
most people don't like to put their retirements into a 100% speculative "asset" that is nothing more than a bubble created by the irrational exuberance of the current stock market.During a real depression when everyones actions are driven by fear, people won't want some gameboy-monopoly-madeup-digital tokens, they want *real* assets. Physical things, gold, silver, food staples, essential universal things that you could barter with the person living next to you. People would sell all their bitcoins the moment SHTF to buy those physical staples. Other people would follow suit and panic sell and the price of bitcoin drop in a spiral until it bottoms out, probably at it's intrinsic value of 0. Bitcoin is not backed by any asset or central bank. The only reason fiat works is because it's backed by the full faith and credit of the government that created it. Nothing is backing bitcoin, so all it will take is a global depression and your entire investment/retirement will be wiped out.
If inflation is bad, well then deflation must be good, right?! Right guys??
Sensational headline covering a literally 90 year old strategy for technical analysis, a field that’s never been proven to beat passive investing.  The article doesn’t even address the “how” posed in the title.
Awuut?Printing trillions not free ?We make munnies Munnies free 😡
That is not relevant to my point.  Banks can always get reserves.  They are not constrained by the reserve requirement.  Banks don't lend based on deposits either, so your response is even less relevant.
They havent needed to for a while lol. They been securitizing and getting that shit out the backdoor faster than you can say the words Collateralized Debt/Structured Products.
The US has been off fractional reserve banking since April 2020. US Banks no longer need to hold any reserves to create unlimited new money through making loans. Good thing we can trust banks not to abuse this power. It's already too late to stop hyperinflation. Buy Bitcoin.
Simplest example I can think of. Central banks buy a ton of bonds. This through supply and demand, pushes their prices up. Benefiting who ever holds them. Now. Do you think your lambda fast food worker, shelf stocker or cleaner holds any of those bonds ? No. Does your boss own some ? You bet your ass through his portfolios he does in one way or another. So basically the Central Bank pumped your boss's portfolio and wealth, and left the fast food worker in the dust because the bugger can barely afford rent, let alone leaving some for a rainy day or a retirement portfolio that can have some exposure to the pump.Very crude example to drive the point, but you get the gist. The game is rigged against the little guy who HAS no assets, while the rich gets his/her assets pumped, directly (gov bonds for example) or indirectly (when bonds are so expensive, money chases the next best thing, typically stocks).Whats worse is Central bank's money printing is inflationary, so basically unless your money is parked in assets (a.k.a a rich person's situation), its becoming worthless and less by the minute. So the poor get poorer because they dont have the assets to negate the inflation eroding their wealth, and the rich basically don't get affected.And thats how you transfer wealth without the general populace getting a clue that's what you're doing. Think of it as a perpetual stimulus check for the rich, and well, nothing for the rest. This has really been ongoing since 2008/9 and has been in place since under the guise of 'stimulating the economy'. Its been demonstrably ineffective and yet its still in force and well in 2020 was just kicked into overdrive.Hope this helps and isn't too depressing :)
Doubling? Lol 75% of all US dollars were created after the beginning of 2020.
Lol, "we just need to not spend any money" is such a dumbass libertarian pipe dream. We have the worst wealth disparity since before the great depression. Always a good sign. There is money, there are ways that we can balance things out with wealth in this country, but we have assholes like you who are more focused on fighting for the billionaires instead of the majority of the population.
From the prudent to the reckless from the savers to the speculators.Source: Karen Petrou
Lol no way. Doubling money supply in &lt2 years can lead to inflation? Getouttahere
3.5 trillion over 10 years? Never any concern how we pay for their tax breaks and raising the military budget, but as soon as it could help the regular folks we gotta break out the fucking notepad.
Raising taxes on rich assholes who pay comically low taxes?
actually you can. wait it out, not much will change. it’s about the money velocity in an economy than it’s about the money amount.
What do you mean by the largest wealth transfer in history
I am shocked. This is my shocked face  😑
Aww did someone forget to update capitalism? *wipes eyes*
I hope it does get passed for our sake. It probably won't because out country is functionally broken. But we absolutely need it to have any hope of a future. But of course it can't pass, otherwise rich assholes might have to contribute to society for a change.
“The labor force shrank last month for the first time since May, signaling that more people were opting to sit on the sidelines and not actively look for work, according to the federal jobs report released Friday.”Perhaps it’s not an issue of people refusing to “actively” seek work but more of an issue with people not willing,’or unable to accept, all of those lower paying jobs.
Inflation is for people that budget for food, rent etc.  not for those who sit in the high castle!!!!
No. It won't. Stop spreading nonsense.
‘ITS TRANSITORY’ - the fed, probably
40% of all money?You haven't seen 2031 yet then :)
The picture is of central bank policy and not inflation.
Thats what happens when you print 40% of all money in existence within 12 months.
The party had to end at some point. You can't keep printing money amidst collapsing supply-chains and rampant energy shortages, and expect for everything to stay "business as usual".
They're not spooked - the writing has been on the wall now for years that this was coming. Let me fix the headline "Now that Central Banking organizations have facilitated the largest wealth transfer in history, they're letting people know that there might be a bit of an extended downturn."
The IP holder would have to pay on its profits tho.
Correct me if I’m wrong but aren’t the majority of tax events that most sufficiently large corporations not even applicable under the specific scenarios where the 15% would apply? Doesn’t a large portion of international revenue get generated from IP license transactions and will still sit at the current 6-7% range?
Tech companies gonna bring business back to the US for a lower rate now
In unrelated news, Apple is moving it's headquarters to North Korea.
Because they’re governments, bro. That’s like asking why all the tech majors or bulge brackets don’t agree on a maximum revenue. Also taxes accomplish things that transactional profit incentives can’t (or won’t).
Companies are crying about running on the absolute bare minimum and know they're surprised that people are tired of it.
Sounds like a lot of folks dropped out of the U3 number.
It's refreshing in a way to see businesses finally being on the bad end of supply and demand.It's been easy for me as a 'newcomer' to the job market to find something i really like with a pay i like, especially since i also have more leverage during negotiations now.
Not just the wages, flexibility and benefits are a huge factor in people not taking up the same old jobs on the same old terms. If a job doesn’t let people take care of themselves and theirs, what’s the point?
Labor force participation rate would be a better way of understanding the current unemployment scenario
Raise wages and the jobs will be filled.
Given this many job openings, it’s actually a bad thing. It simply means there is way more demand for labor than there are people who want to work. Likely going to be a drag on the economy for some time to come.
Not necessarily. When coupled with mediocre or weak job gains, it implies that people are simply not longer participating in the labor force - not what you want to have happen when so many jobs are unfilled.
What of that is good news? They added less than half of expected jobs and unemployment is still high. It  even admits the only reason unemployment fell was because women left the workforce.
after 2018 people ate still drawing the wrong conclusions out of the low unemployment rate
&gtThe pandemic’s toll on the labor market is no longer a new phenomenon, and the public and political appetite for addressing it appears to be waning, after Congress allowed unemployment benefits to expire for at least 6 million Americans last month. But child care woes, lingering health concerns about the virus and in-person work, and skill, wage and preference mismatches for those looking for jobs continue to throw that recovery into doubt — a unique and evolving set of challenges for policymakers and central bankers. The United States has a record number of job openings — nearly 11 million, according to the most recent statistics from late July — with employers ranging from food service to hotels to trucking companies reporting difficulty hiring.
That was reddit from 2015 - 2021. The irony indeed.
Yup and ignores that it’s Republicans who strongly oppose the extension.So much so that they cut off federal aid earlier than the September cut off date in hopes that it would drive people back to work.
That's an interesting potential effect of QE...QE has inflated the value of assets (stocks and property), thus making those with significant holdings in those area less interested in the labor market....Anecdotally, this is having a fairly large effect in the upper end of the tech labor market in the Bay Area.
&gt28 million retiredThat's not the number in the article. 3.2 million boomers retired in 2020. The other number is the total of living boomers that say they are retired.On avg, 2 million boomers retire per year. That gives an excess of ~1.2 million for 2020.https://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2020/11/09/the-pace-of-boomer-retirements-has-accelerated-in-the-past-year/
100% agree, people dont understand a shift like this. Retirement invested accounts exploded to the upside in the last year, housing boomed.. many looked at their retirement plans and chose to retire now, why work another 5 years with the added stress and issues especially in direct customer facing industries or even in schools etc. People are tired, their bags got filled sooner than expected and so they are cashing out, cant blame these folks.
oh the irony
Shhh now now. Just point your finger at the figurehead in the suit and yell.
Shut up with that civics shit.
I can’t believe the same guy posted both those comments lol
It seems disingenuous to say that cutting of unemployment aid was Biden's agenda.Extending that aid would have been an impossible legislative task. We can barely extend the regular funding for the government-as-usual. Another article which lives in a world that somehow only the most Progressive of Democrats run.
Yeah, I worked for one of those companies and now I make double what the band set doing less work. They're probably not keeping up with inflation and the market, that's just my experience.
You went from "it's not a straightforward correlation" to "correlation doesn't equal causation" real quick lol.
Pardon me. Do you have a good link for a DOL site that shows initial claims? Their previous link I used to use no longer gets updated promptly after the information releases.
This should be bigger news!
Honestly the numbers you post here don’t strongly support your claim. If anything they indicate that it is a mixed bag. Some states that ended the pandemic unemployment insurance are in the middle of the pack in terms of unemployment rates. It’s not a straightforward correlation
And all of those states have significantly lower unemployment figures lol.https://www.bls.gov/web/laus/laumstrk.htm
September 4th is when federal unemployment benefits stopped if a state hasn’t already opted out early. Did “UI” ever really begin?
I don't know your specific position but as a recruiter, something that caught my eye as a sticking point is "90% remote". Does that mean they come into the office two days per month? If so, just list it as 100% remote and discuss the in-house duties during the initial interview. Remote work flexibility is a deal-breaker for a large portion of candidates in the market today. That doesn't mean they necessarily have to work remotely 100% of the time, but they are specifically applying to positions that allow it.   Also, I don't think most candidates expect a 40-hour cap but you definitely have to pay $100K for good talent in today's market, *especially* if you work in tech.
It’s a trailing indicator though. It will take more than a month to see the improvement as people are ignoring how long that application process takes.
It ended in over half the states at the end of July.
Why would you post this article if you don't know that?
Isn't there a link RIGHT there?
The benefits ended in September lol. It takes a little longer than a month for macroeconomic trends to reverse and materialize.
This is literally the opposite of Dems have been advocating for. It's because primarily the GOP wanted to end benefits
All of these articles are hugely premature takes by irresponsible, impatient, click-driven journalists overeager to write the narrative on the pullback of unemployment benefits one month into it. It takes time for these actions to work through the system. I guarantee that by November or December there will be a material shift. September is one datapoint when the benefits cut off at the start of the month, you can’t say with any certainty how this is going to end yet.
I'm just exhausted from having to cover the position in addition to my own. Haven't been able to take any decent PTO all year. Finally told my boss I was taking my vacation weeks and the organization needs to take a look at the contract with this recruiting firm as it's not working. We outsourced recruiting last year so we no longer have someone who knows the local market.
For a supervisor role, $100k+ anywhere in America is expected. Whomever gave you that market research likely lives in the 90s mentally.
I know this is anecdotal stuff but I have read several articles on HR recruiters being over-aggressive with automated screening.Odds are the recruiter has received tons of applicants. Some of them very good. But the recruiter doesn't understand the position requirements and is focusing too hard on buzzwords.
I've had a position in my team open for 6 months now. Salary is about $75k base plus $10-15k bonus. It can be 90% remote and will require a little over time at the end of each month. This is benchmarked and appropriate for the title and requested experience in this city.The recruiter has brought me one resume. One. And that interview was not good. The recruiter is telling me that for a low level supervisor job, all of the applicants expect a minimum $100k in base salary, a guaranteed cap of 40 hours, and 100% remote. It's that really what candidates are expecting?  We're not in a HCOL market.
Jobless aid comes from the legislature, not the executive.
It's because too many people retired. 28 million retired.https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cnbc.com/amp/2021/05/09/the-pandemic-drove-these-americans-into-early-retirement.html They didn't have that many unemployed in 2019.  Only 5.8 mil.https://www.bls.gov/opub/mlr/2020/article/job-market-remains-tight-in-2019-as-the-unemployment-rate-falls-to-its-lowest-level-since-1969.htm#:~:text=Source%3A%20U.S.%20Bureau%20of%20Labor%20Statistics%2C%20Current%20Population%20Survey.,-Characteristic&amptext=In%20the%20fourth%20quarter%20of%202019%2C%20the%20number%20of%20unemployed,341%2C000%20from%20a%20year%20earlier.&amptext=The%20national%20unemployment%20rate%20fell,lowest%20jobless%20rate%20since%201969.America is short almost 20% of their workforce because of people retiring.
&gtNonfarm payrolls increased by 194,000 in September, compared with the Dow Jones estimate for 500,000.&gtThe unemployment rate dropped to 4.8%, better than the expected 5.1%.I’m assuming the disconnect here is from peoples benefits running out, long-term unemployed people dropping off the unemployment rolls, and all the anti-vaxxers getting fired not being eligible for unemployment benefits?
This report includes unemployment numbers - which look good on the surface, but not so great when you consider the labor force participation rate is in the shitter. In other words, lots and lots of job openings but people simply don’t want to (or can’t) go back to work.
Yeah I’ve had to quarantine at my factory job 6 different times since January. My daughters daycare closed 3 times since January all for a 10 day period. I’m vaxxed. I have not ever tested positive for covid but I am missing huge chunks of work just to deal with the whole worlds problems. Any day now I can be told I’ll have to take 10 days off work again but it’s just redundant at this point.I can sit at home and trade stonks or I can go to a shitty job I didn’t really want to be at anyways and get laid off once a month cause of covid. The pay increases don’t mean jack if your hours go down
That's exactly what a bot would say.
missed badly is an understatement. 500k expected. The markets are sitting 100 floors above ground level, held up by thin air at the moment.
Good tiger
But it’s literally supported by the data.
So the takeaway here is that unemployment woes are overwhelmingly dominated by the reduction in labor force participation rate. People simply don’t want to go back to work, or otherwise feel they can’t - for example childcare situations, where it makes little sense for people to go back to work, since a huge chunk of their paychecks would just go right out the window anyway.
Due to the drop in labor force participation rate
Not a bot lol
🇺🇸 Non Farm Payrolls (SEP)Actual: 194KExpected: 500KPrevious: 366K (revised up from 235K)—————————🇺🇸 Nonfarm Payrolls Private (SEP)Actual: 317KExpected: 455KPrevious: 332K—————————🇺🇸 Unemployment Rate (SEP)Actual: 4.8%Expected: 5.1%Previous: 5.2%—————————🇺🇸 Labor Force Participation Rate (SEP)Actual: 61.6%Previous: 61.7%Before Covid Pandemic: 63.2%—————————🇺🇸 Average Hourly Earnings MoM (SEP)Actual: 0.6%Expected: 0.4%Previous: 0.4%——————————🇺🇸 Average Hourly Earnings YoY (SEP)Actual: 4.6%Expected: 4.6%Previous: 4%
This seems needlessly combative. He didn’t ask where they’re available in English, he just asked where they’re available.
I’m assuming he’s referring to Chinese companies not listed in us…
The thing is, why hadn’t the world questioned this level of rapid growth for years. Miraculous was always thrown about and yet never did once any media outlet go the extra stretch and doubt it, or do simple sums to somewhat confirm it. It just goes to show how genuinely corrupt the financial world is, we are seeing the unravelling of it right now everywhere
Black Rock just entered the chat
Why would JPMC have exposure to Evergrande? It's domestic banks that are doing the lending, and foreign funds that hold the USD bonds.
Lol you don't say, Chinese businesses lying about stuff, never happened before.
I’m curious where can I read these financials?
Anything Chinese is always much worse than you see at first glance.
My experience in reading Chinese companies' financial statements is that they don't balance out. It isn't comparable with IAF or US GAAP or IFR standards. Much of their assets are bloated and are often reported for the purpose of addressing the CPP's "growth requirements". In our practice, we always apply a 40-50% haircut on what they are saying in their financial statements, even then the physical due diligence will indicate that it's not good.
$300B is only what they reported.  Of course there’s more.
Instead of treating Evergrande like it’s not a problem, now foreign banks have to treat it like it’s not *twice* the problem it is… for a dozen companies… behind the Great Firewall of China. 🔥🔥🔥🔥this is fine🔥🔥🔥🔥
&gtLONDON, Oct 7 (Reuters) - Investment bank JPMorgan has estimated that troubled Chinese property giant Evergrande and many of its major rivals have billions of dollars worth of off-balance sheet debt that, once added on, ramp up their leverage ratios. JPMorgan's China and Hong Kong property analysts said the tactic is likely to have been used to help firms look like they were conforming with new borrowing cap rules introduced last year, but Evergrande's case looks the most extreme. They estimated Evergrande's "net gearing," as debt as a ratio of a firm's equity is known, was at least 177% at the end of the first half of the year, instead of the 100% its accounts reported.
Which is why yellen was proposing we just eliminate the debt ceiling
Trump was in charge of 1 branch for 4 years.These issues ALL predate him by decades yet he's the only one you mentionApproval rating under Biden continues to decline, so is it the singular leader of the executive (presidency) or the entire system composed of thousands of high ranking individuals?I think you've got trump on the brain more than him actually being responsible for any of the above himself in any significant way.
Do you have to be a chef to know when your food's burnt? Come on.
Do you not think that makes this pathetic game all the more pathetic? Like, you know you’re not going to let USA default, so stop pissing about
And less tax
Because we all know the debt ceiling issue is all because of Trump or the Supreme Court.
Let’s go Brandon
You don’t know your history kiddo
Lol we’ve been playing this debt limit game for almost 20-30 years now  can the median not overreact everytime it happens
Well considering they promised free public healthcare, free tuition, and revamped immigration and did none of that, its very safe to assume they’re incompetent.
More importantly, the American people are losing more and more confidence in the 3 branches of government.
It's a trust you can create for your own benefit which seeks to protect assets from the claims of possible future creditors. Some people create them, for example, before they get married so that they can try to protect their separate property in the event of a divorce.
This is exactly where my thoughts went as I plan to open a trust for my nephew and nieces.
Has Washington ever really been competent ?
Maybe they want to invest in swamp real estate soon.
And incredibly low taxes
“Ark's strategy chief Jana Haines said the company was inspired by the area's "vibrant and diverse talent base" and the success of public and private partnerships focused on innovation.”
It also calls out such mundane things as sealing court records, dealing with beneficiary access to information and (of all things) the rule against perpetuities.Even DAPTs aren't typically used as a tax play.  They're grantor trusts, so the creator of the DAPT continues to pay tax on all of the income, and they either are subject to gift tax when created or estate tax at death.
Argument is actually a bit more nuanced than the headline suggests. Calls for eliminating DAPTs, specifically.
This take isn't likely to generate much traction.  Although the author may not like it, there are many good and legitimate uses for trusts that don't involve shadowy conspiracies to evade taxing authorities.  Many involve much. more mundane matters like protecting one's children and planning for the future.
you really reposting wsb memes 12 hours later?
Indeed. I came from a “third world” country, where people are really struggling and when I see a lot of people here who gets to own their house, drive a car, gets to eat out at a restaurant and do vacations and whine about the hardships and how bad life is, I feel like telling them to STFU cause they have no idea what real bad life is about for other people who are truly struggling.
It seems anecdotal, but it could be CNBC pulled the two highest paid blue collar staff positions they could find. It reminded me of the Wisconsin (Madison?) bus drivers who made over $100k because they worked essentially unlimited overtime from a few years ago. Elevator techs are highly skilled they may have also pulled that info as a manager of the janitorial wing of BART. This whole article is seriously dumb though. The #1 thing they said to do was to make less money to avoid an increase in the marginal tax rate over $321k or whatever the number is. Holy fuck, they are stupid.
I work in a white collar industry where people make 30-40% more than the median income for our region and most people talk like they’re working class struggling middle class. Many of them have spouses who bring in equal or more.Everyone thinks they’re struggling, but only taking one vacation to the Caribbean this year instead of two is not struggling. Having to choose ham lunch meat because it’s a few dollars cheaper than the Turkey lunch meat for dinner because you can’t afford real food, that’s struggling.
Any time you see the "financial samurai" quoted or his material used you can probably throw out the article. applies in this case.
Academics often call middle class 2/3rds to 2X median household income. But when people are polled a surprising percentage on either end say they are middle class. Most people see people above and below them so they feel like they are in the middle.In my mind anyone over 2X median is not middle class but you would have a hard time convincing many of them of that.
The thing I learned from this article is that BART janitors and elevator technicians make $200k+
This is kind of ridiculous. It’s talking about the highest cost of living cities in the country, with people sending their kids to private school, living in a house with an ocean view! Like cmon. Is the middle class eroding? Yes! Is this an accurate portrayal of the needs of middle class America, no.
And there is me, never having worked at a job making over 50k at almost 40.I need to hurry up and finish this damn degree in biology with a minor in finance (that I have no idea what I’ll do with). Stupid mid life college…
Correct, and they’re not the same. Government shutdown = discretionary spending stops. Debt payments are indescretionary they’ll get paid for.
No it’s not- it implies those who are historically rich saw a 40% increase in wealth during the pandemic.Much of it is entirely new wealth, with 44 new joiners to the list (ie: crypto people, Moderna execs)Editing to add these are also estimates driven from stock prices at key times and not an actual measure of these peoples wealth.
These headlines are so misleading- it’s not comparing the same people. It’s comparing the total net worth of people on a Forbes list.
we have never defaulted on our debt once in the United States History. We’ve had government shutdowns, but we have NEVER defaulted.
It’ll be a big dip, so yes. Powell will run that printer until milk costs $20.
Yeah, they shut down the parks, and the world went on like nothing happened.
My thoughts exactly. They did shut it down then. Very interesting.
Stop watching the news. Life is way better that way
As an American, this is the thing that keeps me up at night.
A recession is defined as a decline of GDP in two consecutive quarters, which last year happened in the first and second quarter. The labor force participation rate hasn't even remotely recovered to pre pandemic levels btw. https://www.bls.gov/charts/employment-situation/civilian-labor-force-participation-rate.htmAnd the economical health of a nation has certainly nothing to do with housing prices.
Their viewers like to be scared to shit* is probably a more accurate statement
The media is also helping. They like to scare the shit out of their viewers.
She sure as shit knows the recession is coming anyways.
I’m just hoping that Yellen and Powell get caught smashing on the printer 🤯
All of them
It’s a terrible show, unlikeable and unattractive characters, blundering idiotic characters who’s actions are dictated more on self preservation than driving the plot, and almost every season is just a sloppy rehash of the last but with saucier language. Except that one episode where the lady forced someone to shoot her, other than that it’s basically a political themed House
This reads more like Yellen realizes a recession is likely and wants to blame it on Congress rather than Fed/Treasury decisions of the past decade
They won’t retire.The only way they’ll leave is if they physically die in their chairs and then they will finally leave.
We’re a bit overdue for a good recession…
It’s political theater, but it’s dangerous political theater. I can easily imagine a scenario where people get spooked, it causes a ripple effect throughout the market, and shit gets real ugly regardless of what actually happens with the debt ceiling.There are things that are OK to fuck around with, and things where it’s not. This is very much the latter.
These fucking fucking dinosaurs need to go man.
As a European, I feel like we're playing musical chairs with your market. Everyone "knows" it's not stable and built on a house of cards, but we keep investing until the music stops because we generally get a better return on investment. But if you default on debts, that might be it. The things you mentioned don't necessarily affect trade, but not paying your debts does.
What is this, a DBZ ripoff?
I don't want to push the political topics further, but just pose the question and maybe we leave it at that: has the world not seen the US decline in respect and coherence over the last few years? A short-lived default today, how much is it really going to change the world-wide view of what the US has become in the post-intellectual era? After the Tea Party, after whatever the Trump phenomenon is, after a political party constantly claiming the [elections are a fraud](https://www.npr.org/2021/09/13/1036696853/if-republicans-lose-the-california-recall-election-they-might-claim-fraud). The partisan hackery that [SCOTUS has become](https://www.cnn.com/2020/10/17/politics/bush-v-gore-barrett-kavanaugh-roberts-supreme-court/index.html). A [coup attempt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2021_United_States_Capitol_attack), and [50 million Qanon Americans](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2021/05/27/new-data-bolsters-idea-that-far-right-media-ecosystem-is-conspiracy-theory-petri-dish/). Years of [multiple budget shutdowns](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Government_shutdowns_in_the_United_States). [Fiscal irresponsibility](https://www.crfb.org/blogs/treasury-2019-deficit-was-984-billion) at times of prosperity. [Debt skyrocketing](https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/GFDEBTN). Refusal to follow medical guidelines even when we had the advantage of first access to vaccines. The "freedom" wars and their aftermath.Etc, it's a long list. Crossing the line to debt default is a huge thing in principle, but I wonder how much it can erode the sentiment towards US investments beyond the first shock wave. Look how quickly we became accustomed to the gov shutting down for weeks at a time out of incompetence and posturing. The market skated right through an attempt at installing a dictatorship. There's a seemingly unshakeable desire to invest here, regardless of what the US does to itself and others.
Can’t wait for episode 3: The Debt Ceiling talks… continue.
Yeah I dunno, looks like a rerun to me.
I’m just so ready to be on track and for things to feel okay. I hate this constant doom cycle.
can all these 80 year old fucks in congress just retire?
They put on a good show.
This is all a political theater.
What does this mean?
If their solution to this is we’re going to tax unrealized capital gains they’re going to murder the market and everyone who isn’t upper 1%.
Yup ... it would be ( if they dont do something astrononomically impressive afterwards) the beggining of the collpase of the american empire
Apparently theres billions hiding in south dakota and delaware so hey just take that
Not posting for a political crap storm at all.But I read this headline and immediately thought that a “recession” after a gov’t default is the understatement of the century.
Frankly, this is how it should be. No one should be in politics because it benefits their bank accounts. It's amazing that so many people are okay with career politicians making $100k a year that are worth $20+ million 🤔
You laugh, but I bet that first shit in his golden toilet at home after the election was stolen from him felt really good. Porcelain is so beneath his ass.
First president who is personally worse off for becoming president. What a selfless guy.
If China steps in again to save onshore bondholders and hang international investors out to dry they set an unwelcome precedent. How long before some other nations decide to stop paying debts owed to  china to help their own citizens?
&gtFantasia said $206 million was due on Oct. 4 and that it did not pay, in a statement to the Hong Kong stock exchange. The company had said as recently as Sept. 20 that it had "sufficient working capital and no liquidity issue".&gtFitch estimates Fantasia has nearly $2 billion of international bond payments to make between now and the end of next year as well as almost $1 billion of local bond payments.&gtEarlier on Monday property manager Country Garden Services (6098.HK) said a Fantasia subsidiary failed to repay a 700 million yuan ($108 million) loan also due on Oct. 4 and Fitch had slashed the company's credit rating.
More coverage at:*  [China's property crisis worsens as Evergrande rival misses payment (msn.com)](https://www.msn.com/en-in/news/world/chinas-property-crisis-worsens-as-evergrande-rival-misses-payment/ar-AAP9cqG) *  [Chinese developer misses bond payment as stress spreads beyond Evergrande crisis (cnbc.com)](https://www.cnbc.com/2021/10/05/china-property-default-risk-for-fantasia-sinic-amid-evergrande-crisis.html) *  [China’s Developers Priced for Meltdown as Contagion Risk Spreads (bloomberg.com)](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-10-05/china-dollar-junk-bonds-set-for-worst-drop-since-at-least-2013) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
Seems completely farcical. Are the same shareholders going to rescind the profit Musk made them over the same time period or? 🤣
I don’t even get what the point of this lawsuit is...
So TSLA investors are not happy with the guy who has made them huge returns?
Recused?
I thought this is old news. Already went to court and judge threw it out. Or am I dreaming?
Yep - this is a joke lawsuit.
No. Controlling shareholder has very specific meaning in Delaware law. And Musk almost certainly doesn't meet that criteria. Matt Levine had a lot of detailed posts on this subject.
They had a vote about it and the shareholders voted yes, and it is not like the stock price has suffered so there are no damages to sue for. Don't see this going anywhere.
Looks like solar city is the FUD , and a dud as well.
Of course! He's actually controlling shareholder, but what do the judges think?We don't know.
&gtWILMINGTON, Del., Oct 4 (Reuters) - A Delaware judge should order Elon Musk to repay $9.4 billion to Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) for the benefits he received by pushing the electric vehicle maker in 2016 to buy an ailing solar company he partly owned, according to Tesla investors in a court filing late Friday. Musk said in his own post-trial brief filed late Friday that SolarCity was the culmination of a decade-long plan to create a vertically integrated clean energy company offering roof-top solar generation combined with Tesla's battery storage and vehicles. The judge, Vice Chancellor Joseph Slights, must still answer a key question that could determine the outcome of the case - whether Musk is a controlling shareholder despite owning a minority stake in Tesla.
The usd is used in something like 80% of all global trade. This creates a big demand for usd and us backed debt instruments, allowing the feds to release more currency and issue more debt into the markets without massive consequences to the value of the usd.There is not a large market for Chinese yaun. If the PBOC attempted to use bailout/ stimulus packages similar to the US, it would run the risk of devaluing its currency. Possibly threat of inflation of products due to them being cheaper for importers, while Chinese businesses and its people struggle to keep pace to produce and purchase its own goods, Imports will become more expensive for China. There’s more trends that currency depreciation can cause on a economy, but those two are the ones that will difficult to get out of.
And then? Last I checked $2.5 Billion compared to $305 Billion isn’t a lot.Not expecting to you to know... just... wtf else is this doing than just delaying the inevitable? They have even more bonds maturing next year, they already defaulted, tho not officially because of the 30 day grace period, on multiple offshore bonds and not even Chinese people want to invest in evergrande anymore because it’s a bottomless pit. [This ](https://giphy.com/gifs/aardman-cartoon-train-3oz8xtBx06mcZWoNJm) is what Beijing seems to be doing at the moment.
I was actually wondering this same thing. A absolute data less theory i have is that China is saving its own skin. It wants Chinese firms to buy up the troubled firms in order to continue payments for onshore stakeholders. China can’t afford to print currency like the US can, and is more than willing to burn offshore debt lenders and investors in order to save itselfEdit: I’m not bashing China either. The US has so many options to fix its issues since we are the world reserve currency. China has limited options, and must put its own markets first and foremost for sustainability
The CCP must have a gun to Hopson's head - Why would you buy that garbage now when you could just wait for it to all collapse and then scoop it up at pennies on the dollar?I guess Hopson like everyone else is in way too deep too and can't afford the full on destruction of Chinese real estate sector...
If the report is true, Evergrande would get US$2.5 billion. That's enough to pay down its debt repayments till the end of the calendar year.
Leading story in Scandinavia's biggest business paper: "Volvo's Electric Cars Are Flopping"  Volvo Cars is preparing to IPO, but on Friday new and worrisome statistics on the company’s electric vehicle sales in Sweden was released. Only 34 electric Volvo XC40 were registered in September, compared to Tesla’s bestseller, Model Y which sold 1213 cars.
I never viewed it that way, but I understand why that is. I guess I should watch my wording for the future.
lmao conveniently missed out 7.5 trillion pump in 2020.
Inflation has definitely come from strangled supply chains,It's also undeniably come from increasing the money supply by several trillion dollars in the last 12ish months. It's obviously both things idk why this is controversial.Yes, SOME of the inflation is likely to be transitory as supply lines are basically recreated over the next couple of years (yeah, years not months) but a lot of it won't be. The US and many other countries printed a crap ton of money and that has consequences. It's also worth noting that the "transitory" inflation isn't going away quickly, Jerome Powell is now predicting it deep into next year. So it does depend a bit on how you want to define transitory, is it less than 6 months? we already passed that, less than 12? getting close to that too, less than 24? Powell is predicting we will pass that as well, all with "transitory" inflation still in effect.
Yeah, it was such a joke that those did away with all those programs. Oh wait, Medicare and Medicaid are among the most popular programs in the country. Not to mention food stamps and a plethora of other programs.Listen, Great Society had significant issues, but don't pretend that it did not lay some of the cornerstones of the American welfare state that to this day we enjoy. And that is ultimately what it's remembered for.
Inflation has come from supply shortages, because of both labor shortages and the restart of many manufacturing hubs and trade following covid lockdowns. If anything, we need to incentivize people to get back to work and invest in infrastructure to help ease the supply constraints, of which these bills would do both.You've got to understand the the US does not exist in a vacuum, there is inflation in every country worldwide regardless of how governments have handled their spending. Again, because of a global supply constraint.
We are not talking about repulsive laws hereIts 3T debt which states can fund it if they really want it
And Democrats wonder why they can't sustain winning momentum.
B-but it's deflationary by design!!! There's only so many bitcoins! Ignore that there can be an infinite number of crypto currencies which effectively nullifies that argument. Why don't you invest in one of 50 coins named after elon musk's dog? Or maybe SafeSuperBigDickGMEmegaMoonWholesomeEloncoin is more your thing. All of these separate coins that demand energy intensive mining in order to perform basic tasks are super useful ofcourse and totally not a huge waste of energy and resources.
This new crop of people from the most recent pump are especially ignorant to these fundamental aspects of bitcoin.
Wow, /r/bitcoin offered you a sip of kool aide and you downed the whole jug.You think the currency of the future is going to be one that allows everyone on earth an average of 2 transactions over their entire life? Do you know why other crypto currencies don't need an awkward second layer? Because they actually work and they don't have a real throughput of  __under 200 bytes__ per second.  https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/size-btc.html#3mI've watched propaganda sponges pop up for the last 8 years. It's amazing that people think they have it all figured out when they haven't even done the most basic math or asked a single pressing question about what they've been fed.
Yeh, better buy a speculative instrument that's propped up by nothing but memes and circlejerks.
Imagine the ultimate impact of this on the lowest wage earners,  inflation has already erased all and then some of the wage gains we had between 2016-2019.  After this pile of crap increases inflation further they will then raise interest rates in Filipino and make credit harder to afford as well creating a Nee layer of poor
That's the one where transaction fees spiked to $60 USD because it can only do a few transactions per second right?
Really happy I don't own these negative bonds hoping for price appreciation.
Try 0% increase dUe To ThE PanDemiC. While company posts record profits
LOLSource you link is '[ENDTHEFUD](https://ENDTHEFUD.COM)' lmao
Yes it is. Inflation erodes debt.
&gt Hey dummy, Bitcoin's value is measured in every currency. It's like you're trying to be dumb and broke.Yes, and I live in the United States.&gt Bitcoin will be the greatest transfer of wealth Earth ever sees. Just trying to warn you.Not the way it is, and is going to be, taxed.  And not for several generations if you are ever right.  Nobody over 40 owns a significant amount of crypto, and the majority of the time nobody under 40 uses it the way it's intended.  People treat it like a collectible, not a currency.You think you are the first person I've heard make outlandish crypto predictions?  You might be the one that pushed that number into 4 digits.
Yes, it will be to your advantage to not pay off your mortgage early if inflation is high.
&gt Nevertheless, it signals the beginning of irreversible hyperinflation.No such thing as irreversible in economics.&gt Now that Bitcoin is the perfect alternative, the dollar is doomed.Is that why Bitcoin is measured in dollars in the US and not the other way around?&gt El Salvador has officially adopted Bitcoin alongside the dollar as their state's currency.I'll remember this if I move to El Salvador.&gt That's going to happen everywhere. Doubtful.
So long as your wages go up as well. Otherwise you have a new problem.
The [Bureau of Labor](https://www.bls.gov/cpi/) does it by month and year.
Like all inflation measures right? Is there a non-annualized inflation measure?
Shh let the guy live with his shallow thoughts.
It’s up 11% today.
Except we are in an economically unique situation. This isn't *just* the fault of money printer go brrrrr. You've got the economy recovering from pandemic shutdown resulting in spikes in demand, combined with lack of supply chain workers at various points, container ship logistics tangles, a ship blocking a critical trade route for several days, and other such pressures and perturbations and rippling effects.
So if I have a lot of debt. And a very low fixed interest rate. This is good news?
It's talking about core inflation, which is ex-food and energy. The Fed likes it because it's less volatile and they *think* that it's more representative of long term trends.
It is not like, it is a decrease, and it has been for many years if you were a prospective customer of land, education, and healthcare anywhere in the booming areas of the country.
august 2020 --&gtaugust 2021  +3.6%
I think you’re conflating high inflation and hyperinflation
Since the measurement is annual, not monthly, technically the 'beginning' of this particular issue had to be sometime last year.
For the people who only read comments, the measure is year over year.....not one month.
Can’t wait for my 2% raise early next year. It’s like getting a pay decrease at this point.
You have too much money chasing goods and an economy that can't produce the stuff people want to buy with all the printed money so you end up with shortages. That is how inflation starts off. In many countries with high inflation, you'll see "supply chain disruptions" and the shelves are empty. People trade their currency for real stuff as soon as possible before it loses value. They hoard stuff to buy at today's price before the price increases and hope to use or sell it in the future at a profit.
Nothing will happen, because the Chinese state will simply take over. Then we shall wait for the army of excuses why this cannot be done in the west.
2008 crash was foreseen 2 years before.That was all the time the banks needed to unload bad credit off of it's books.Remember, mortgage loans, risky AND secure, were packed into MBS and sold off to funds. Then funds used those assets as collateral for more loans.As soon as the value of those assets went down, loans couldn't be paid back with those assets. Funds lost the money they bought MBS with, and couldn't pay back the loans, they lost money twice with that asset. That was a ducking scam produced by banks.
To get clicks
This was written by what I assume is a shill looking for a new set of bag holders.
I keep hearing about a collapse but jack shit happens
All advisors with the series 7 and 66 are required to have at least 1 mil in E&ampO insurance and it’s paid by companies that hold the licenses.    So I don’t believe it unless these are improperly licensed people
“However, nearly 30% of FINRA arbitration awards went unpaid in 2020, according to a report from the Public Investors Advocate Bar Association, a group of lawyers representing investors in arbitration and litigation.The reason why is that many brokers don’t have sufficient reserves or the insurance to cover arbitration awards, which isn’t required by FINRA or the Securities and Exchange Commission, the report found.“I can’t think of a single client that’s sat across my desk, who didn’t express great surprise that their broker or investment advisor had no insurance,” said Hugh Berkson, former PIABA president and report co-author, on a call with reporters.”
Do find it funny that people in this thread are jumping onto whatever political stance they could possibly take when this is obviously the cause
There are plenty of vans over here too.  But I think the tents do appear to outnumber the vans.
On the contrary, I mean tents!!
Vans. You mean living in a van
Government 101: the rules do not apply to them.
It works well for microportable ecofriendly housing struxtures in california
My building just tried to raise my rent by 10%. I told them to fuck off and they said "ok you can stay" Kind of surprised that worked, tbh
Why not? Even I considered it. The non paying tenants were required to move out if the house was listed for sale. The eviction moratorium did not apply if the house was being sold. Since houses were selling at a premium anyway, why not just sell the houses that aren’t providing income?
Exactly. Every landlord with at least two rentals has dealt with that. I still don’t see how they were allowed to collect property taxes when we weren’t allowed to collect rent.
Heard more than a few stories of tenants just arbitrarily not paying rent despite still working because they “didn’t have to”. Made me reconsider getting into real estate.
I disagree.   For supply to be a problem in the rental world, rental units would have needed a very quick increase in demand. That demand can come from home owners moving to renting, or new entries into the rental/home ownership world.  We see increases to the home ownership side so a dramatic demand increase not coming from there, leaving only new renters.  While there very well could be some population flash I am unaware of, i would assume renter increases would not be a dramatic short term thing like the graph would indicate.Smaller local landlords were hemorrhaging money as people were not paying rent.   This caused them to sell their properties to corporate investors leveraging out the ass to grab up assets.  The landlords who kept their property need to increase rent to cover the lost revenue and added inflation. Also, speaking of inflation now is a good time to Point out the CPI uses "owners equivalent rent" instead of actual data and came up with 5%.  This should be scary for everyone since Rent makes up 33% of the CPI.
The moratorium last year also likely played a role, too. Many landlords had their revenues cut last year and are now raising rent to try to make up for it.
Your assertion is deceptive and wrong. This is a supply problem made worse by corporate investors entering the housing market, supply chain problems interfering with building, and lumber market pricing volatility. All amplified by the pandemic.
What did we expect though? There was a permanent business case alteration with the added risk of "government induced contract/eviction nullification" that needs to be accounted for. No one was going to raise rates to account for this while evictions were still banned, but it's now fair game. On top of this, the tenant qualifications for a nice rental are going to be permanently raised as well. More housing and rental stock is absolutely needed, as this type of stepwise increase is not sustainable for already unaffordable housing. Conversely, this could also be another blow against high COL locations and spurs another exodus into lower COL/suburbs.
Just wait. The US never learns, happened in 1929, 1970s, 2008, and will happen again... Idk why the government believes going from 1 extreme to the other is a good call..
Raising rents when people were immune to eviction may have angered people or made rent too high for then to afford. They may not want to pay it if they feel upset and/or like they don't have to pay.In my area the days of offers above asking and whatnot have already greatly slowed down.Especially with talks of inflation being transitory, people have been reluctant to raise prices, but somethings gotta give. The supply side pressures have been real and many things (gas, wages, etc.) have been underpriced for a while.
Who would have thought giving cash to everyone and blocking evictions would cause rent to go up? shocking really.  At least the local landlords were not forced out and being replaced by multinational faceless corporations like Blackrock, that would be devastating for rent prices.
Interesting it lagged this long. On the ground, the market for housing purchases shockingly went up everywhere. You can't even buy a place in a small market city anymore without paying over asking. Luxury housing in these cities are also highly competitive. Rents just went down for a while but now I'm starting to see more posts on socials from people angry about rent increases.
This is definitely going to help all the folks who can't afford to buy a house...
[Bloomberg Source](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-09-29/u-s-rents-are-accelerating-at-shocking-rates-of-more-than-10)
You're still misunderstanding the development of new cities in China and why some remain empty at first or get misreported as failed projects.Construction has certainly been overly aggressive in some areas and certain developments (entire new cities/CBDs) are not in attractive places to live, yet.But the vision is serious future planning for more than 200 million people expected to move into urban areas from current rural areas over the next 10-20 years.The government is literally playing SimCity in some cases with its 10 year plans that most westerners can't comprehend because western 4-5 year term limits and government plans are so short-lived and easily reneged on from one administration to the next.Take Zhengzhou's new CBD for example, it was once reported in western media as a failed new construction ghost town area.[SCMP Zhengzhou CBD story](https://www.scmp.com/presented/topics/go-china-zhengzhou/article/1802853/banishing-ghost)[Zhengzhou CBD 4K YouTube tour](https://youtu.be/zeFi9ggedYo?t=19)[Bloomberg Chinese Ghost City article 2021](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2021-09-01/chinese-ghost-cities-2021-binhai-zhengdong-new-districts-fill-up)
&gt Americans are very self-critical.Either that, or inversely - ignorant, nationalist, and racist. It's certainly an interesting time to live in societally, having grown up in the civil rights era. There's some regression going on here. Fuckery, if you will.
I’d argue America is one of the most self-deprecating countries in the world. And we are extremely critical of our own leadership and foreign policy. Americans are very self-critical.
The same could be said for America.
I doubt if the Chinese people really know how the world feels about them. The CCP controls virtually all aspects of their lives. I think they just think that everyone is envious and out to get them as they're portrayed by the CCP as victims.
Customers who laid out down payments or who paid in full might be out all of that money depending on how the settlement goes. Thus is why there are also many Chinese investors who buy property outside China to protect their money. At the same time these investments drive up Real Estate prices in places like the US, Canada, and Australia to name a few.
Well to be fair stealing tech and ip is bad from our point of view but for them to catch-up on tech it was a brilliant move. They know the market is controlled and big so nobody will do a thing and western biz was to busy swimming in cash to say anything. It is not 100% chinas fault that they exploited our western stupidity. Part of it is on us.
“To replace the lost source of financing from banks and nonbank lenders, they increased their reliance on pre-construction sales. This essentially meant that homebuyers themselves provided an alternative source of financing for construction.”So if they never finish constructing the building, you and 100s of others are screwed.   Are there any safe guards or are they complete out their money?
For a country that has a culture that cares so much about reputation, they seem to be pretty oblivious as to how little respect other countries have for them.
They've been disingenuous about their GDP for almost two decades and falsely propping up their construction industry because it almost directly contributes to overall GDP which I saw coming as soon as you see the ENTIRE EMPTY CITIES. They have been lying and cheating on every front to falsely become a world superpower just like they lie and cheat and steal everything else.  They lost their honor decades ago.
There's no way they get out of this trap. There will be blood.
More coverage at:*  [Explained: China’s power crisis and how it could be a bigger economic blow than Evergrande (msn.com)](https://www.msn.com/en-in/money/news/explained-chinas-power-crisis-and-how-it-could-be-a-bigger-economic-blow-than-evergrande/ar-AAOXqQr) *  [China Evergrande Makes Restructuring Progress as Major Bond Payment Comes Due (barrons.com)](https://www.barrons.com/articles/china-evergrande-makes-restructuring-progress-51632909322?refsec=markets) *  [Preventing an Evergrande Confidence Crisis in China (project-syndicate.org)](https://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/how-chinese-government-can-prevent-evergrande-confidence-crisis-by-shang-jin-wei-2021-09) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
That’s not the key takeaway from the article. The struggles and dangers of collapse are mainly due to the severe COVID restrictions still in place creating bottlenecks, stranded trucks and ships, and workers who have to deal with all the bullshit even when vaccinated
It's feasible, at least for large developed countries, but the trade off is that most consumer goods would be more expensive. You can have tons of cheap crap available at every walmart or you can internalize your supply chain, but you can't have both.
If you read the article the main concern is boat workers who are struggling around the COVID mitigation. The article addresses most of these people from the Philippines and India. The article argues that they boat workers need to be made a priority for vaccinations. the current state of the COVID restrictions makes it impossible to come to shore  or return home, making many choose to quit the job which will cause a break down in the global supply chain. I agree with the concern that if we want global supply to continue to move we need to make getting anyone who transports goods vaccinations a priority.
If Covid taught the world one lesson it should be that countries need to become much more self reliant when it comes to their ability to provide key goods to their citizens.
The death rate, globally, has skyrocketed since the start of the pandemic. Please, shut the fuck up.
The essential people are over worked and under paid for what they do while many people are content to sit on their asses and smash the buy button on their amazon apps.  America needs to stop consuming bullshit in hyper-mode 24/7  I do not think this is a vaccine issue.
I know what will solve the problem! Fire half the workers, give the CEO a bonus, and force the rest of the workers to pick up the slack for less pay! Says every fucking CEO alive!
The vaccinated can transmit the virus but the viral load is significantly less and if it is transmitted to someone who is vaccinated then that further reduces the chances of becoming sick.  This further reduces mutagenesis of the virus .The unvaccinated have an insanely higher viral load, put entire populations at risk due to mutagenic instances occurring within their bodies. Each mutation is a risk of overcoming the antibodies produced by the vaccine. The problem is quite specifically the unvaccinated. They really are fucking the world with their bullshit and ignorance.
The article is literally saying “workers are asking for priority to get the vaccine” so they can cross borders to transport goods.Bringing antivax bullshit into a topic that’s literally about the opposite is ridiculous.Anyways it’s been said before but millions of people around the world and more than 500k in the US have died from COVID. Now, almost only unvaccinated people die. There is no reason not to take this lifesaving vaccine and anyone who says otherwise is basically saying “I’d rather kill my family than listen to science”. There’s no defending those people. they’re not standing for anything. They’re not waiting for any more solid results. They don’t have “a point”. They are idiots who would rather kill their families than admit the pseudoscience they read on Facebook may be wrong.
Only if it’s vaccinated.
I have my own solar panels
&gt Blaming unvaccinated makes zero sense for a vaccine that you can still get and transmit the virusYes, you can transmit it, but chances of that virus killing the reciever is about 1/40th  with the vaccine compared to without the vaccine, not to mention hospitalization rates. Not taking the vaccine is selfish, egotistical, inconsiderate, and stupid. The benefits of taking it are so significant that it's amazing that we've gone TWO years now and people still don't understand or willing to admit how damn serious this virus is.
Perhaps this is why the vote. . . 700,000 American citizens are DEAD and the numbers are rising ! ! !You remember the kid in the back of the school room, with their head down drooling on the desk . . . Ya, they think they experts on vaccinations and the spread of viruses on Reddit ! ! !
No (I drive an EV)
How are vaccine mandates the problem? Any workers who need vaccines for work should already have them. (At least in US/Europe).
To be clear, the red part is the J&ampJ vaccine?
Veing forced to stop working on a global scale and china recalling something like 1.8 million containers could be a small factor
You seem to be struggling to grasp the concept that there are multiple segments of the labor economy that were affected in different ways by the COVID pandemic. Suffice it to say that retirements among those who have the means to do so (or deaths from COVID) have opened up jobs that can be more appealing than the $2.13 wage that restaurant servers get for physically demanding work. It also seems as if you’re struggling with some basic statistics. Although the majority of low-income workers are the primary breadwinner for their household, there is a significant minority that isn’t. Anything that affects this significant minority affects the labor market as a whole.  Ultimately, the economy and the labor market are more complex than “pEoPlE jUsT dOn’T wAnT tO wOrK aNyMoRe!!”
Whether you like it or not, Covid was the catalyst that exposed the flaw in global supply chains and disrupted consumer spending patterns. It is still a major factor. Is resolving covid going to be the thing that allows us to return to normal? Somewhat, but not completely. Auto manufacturing is now confronting a chip shortage in the middle of an abrasive evolution in chip manufacturing that won't be resolved until at least 12-18 months down the road, whether Covid is resolved or not.
Is it a rendering issue or do none of those charts have labeled axis or titles or legends?
It’s generally not the primary breadwinners making this decision: it’s the low earner in a couple or family. Take a hypothetical someone who is only making $9 an hour pretax doing a job they dislike.  The pandemic may have made them realize they can stay home with the kids, save $6 per hour on childcare, make more homemade meals that are slightly cheaper, and not put wear and tear on their car. The end of increased government assistance will force some people back to work, but not those who took the opportunity to retire, stop acting as supplemental income, or go back to school and learn a skill. And it sure as hell won’t bring back the hundreds of thousands of workers who are dead or permanently disabled from the virus. https://www.axios.com/covid-unemployment-benefits-labor-job-growth-states-9d8dd899-49e6-4cb4-96fe-e658cefee424.html
From the article:  "COVID has disrupted supply chains in two major ways: surging demand for imported consumer goods in the West due to pandemic work from home trends and other home improvement spending, and a decline in workers required to maintain and operate these supply chains."
He said it himself, he’s grossly incompetent!
Or the jobs are just paying absolute garbage and media is spoonfeeding you that no on wants to work
Are you kidding? Or... just not seeing anything beyond a boat.
Who do you think produces it, brings it to the dock, drives the trucks, loads and unloads it, operates cranes, warehouses…the boats are a tiny fraction of the process
Sweet!
Not the ones working the ports, warehouses, logistics centers, and facilitating the production of the goods themselves
From what I understand, sick or dead workers.
[Dude, Where’s My Stuff](https://am.jpmorgan.com/us/en/asset-management/institutional/insights/market-insights/eye-on-the-market/dude-where-is-my-stuff/): “*The global supply chain mess will require increased global vaccination and acquired immunity*”  Explain like I'm five how Covid can cause delays in container ship traffic?
This is a business decision. As a customer do you want to be on an airline with staff that potentially has covid? Why risk it?
Vaccinated crew surcharge
"How can we find a way to charge for this?"
Oh. My bad.  No I don’t work in HR. Have you heard the joke about “how do you know if someone is a Vegan?  Because they will tell you.”  (Works with cross fitters and anti-vaxxers as well.   I will say anti-vaxxers are different than the unvaccinated as most unvaccinated people will eventually get it.  Anti-vaxxers are insufferable.
Meanwhile Spirit out here “what vaccine? Is there a virus going around?”
No…I must not.  My 25 years in the corporate world doesn’t give me any experience.  My discussion TODAY with our legal department meant nothing.  First this, and now Ford Motor Company Company is requiring all employees to disclose their vaccination status.  No, I don’t have any experience.  It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to read the writing on the wall.  SMDH.
Wouldn’t that immediately make them, not smart?
This is just the start.  Companies right now are reviewing with their legal departments about if they can do this.  While many businesses are dying for workers (hospitality/retail/fast food), good businesses are trying to get rid of some staff.  This mandate by Biden is giving companies the opportunity to “trim the fat” without getting any bad publicly.  And, from my experience, the people who refuse to get vaccinated tend to be the most difficult workers to deal with.  Aaaaand…it looks like NY is setting the precedent of not having to pay unemployment to these people either.
That may be true, but pilots are also smart. They've also invested thousands and thousands of hours to be able to be commercial pilots. They're not going to throw that away
I hear that airline is a good variant.
Definitely 0
I wonder how many of those were pilots.
Maybe they should try Delta?
That sounds like a lot of people but it’s actually only 1% of their employees. Those were probably the ones who they wanted to fire anyways.
Or KFC pays like shit and it's KFC's problem if they want/need to retain a workforce.I know holding companies accountable for their own problems is heretical, but, it's their fault this time around.
This might be the most ill informed article I’ve ever read. I’m not exaggerating. This person is completely financially illiterate.
More coverage at:*  [Almost all United employees complied with the vaccine mandate (msn.com)](https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/almost-all-united-employees-complied-with-the-vaccine-mandate/ar-AAOVJnP) *  [New York's Covid-19 vaccine mandate for health care workers leads to suspension of hundreds of holdouts (cnn.com)](https://www.cnn.com/2021/09/28/us/ny-health-care-vaccine-mandate/index.html) *  [NC hospital fires 175 employees for not getting vaccine (cbsnews.com)](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/covid-vaccine-mandate-north-carolina-hospital-system/) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
Ok boomer
Economists and public health experts pointed to the pandemic needing to be under control to help stabilize the economy well back in 2020. The easiest way to do that is through vaccination for a multitude of reasons, but I imagine you know better and that's why you're on this sub and not making policy. For the record, the shortages are mostly wage related and most people comply with vaccination requirements when they realize they care about money.
Well, the USA should sign that infrastructure bill to stimulate real growth. Kia ora!
squid game
They’re likely pegged together.
Investors don't know much and base their expectations on nothing but emotions. We're definitely not fine.
I'm sure China has *never* had a fuel shortage issue in any province
Yes, [and in 1865 Hong Kong was a British state](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Hongkong_and_Shanghai_Banking_Corporation) founded by Sir Thomas Sutherland.
this is such an astroturfing campaign. see this nonsense comment everywhere. not even Northern Ireland is experiencing shortages.
articles like these come out because they (the bank) is trying to sell their book (investments).  The time to bet big was 20 years ago.
Oh yea, definitely:https://www.bovill.com/london-remains-financial-service-centre-of-europe-final-numbers-show/
Pretty sure HGV shortages are a worldwide social problem. And there is no lack of fuel deliveries, only panic buyers.
One is the next economic superpower while the other struggles to get fuel deliveries to the pump. It’s obvious which country has a more profitable future for HSBC.
And this is how people end up  in the position these two are in. Hey, what could possibly be wrong with trading with myself, using fake names and hiding my identity to defraud exchanges. I mean what could be wrong with that
A and B are the same person who opened fake accounts and lied about it. The act isn't illegal, the deception is.
Exchanges can pay for whatever they want, the illegal part is holding two different accounts and using other people's names and VPNs to hide that deception.
Don't really understand why this should be illegal. Maybe we should have a system where exchanges don't feel they need to pay for liquidity?
It's worse on r/economics, don't worry.
The SEC is a bludgeoning tool for the rich
Tbh I wouldn’t expect many of these commenters to even be aware of the existence of clearing houses, let alone how they work.
You’re on a subreddit that routinely pops up on the front page. Most people commenting aren’t going to know the facts of the case, let alone understand how a clearing house works.
Nah they are too preoccupied with picking the winners and making the losers in Cryptocurrency.  Can't be bothered to punish the real criminals they must fabricate them.
Generally I assume one is not a criminal unless there is evidence to the contrary.
Agreed
sToNkS ^s
Okay great job SEC. Now its time to move on to the real criminals at citadel and robbinghood
What should they get punished for?
Yet citidel goes unpunished
This is what they have been spending their time doing...
&gt The Securities and Exchange Commission today charged a Florida resident and his friend for engaging in a fraudulent scheme designed to collect liquidity rebates from exchanges by wash trading put options of certain "meme stocks" in early 2021.&gtAccording to the SEC's complaint, filed in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, starting in late February 2021, Suyun Gu became aware of the increased market volume and volatility driven by so-called "meme stocks" – stocks that were being actively promoted on social media platforms. Gu allegedly then devised a scheme to take advantage of the "maker-taker" program offered by exchanges by trading options of these stocks with himself.&gt Under the maker-taker program, a trade order that is sent to an exchange and executes against a subsequently received order makes liquidity and generates a rebate from the exchange. In contrast, an order that immediately executes against a pre-existing order takes liquidity and is charged a fee.&gt The SEC's complaint alleges that Gu was able to generate illicit profits by using broker-dealer accounts that passed rebates back to their customers to place initial orders on one side of the market, and then using broker-dealer accounts that did not charge fees for taking liquidity for his subsequent orders on the other side of the market. When identifying a product to trade, Gu and his friend and business associate, Yong Lee, selected far out-of-the-money put options on some "meme stocks," which they thought would be easier to trade against themselves because interest in buying the "meme stocks" and related price increases would make put options on those stocks less attractive. &gtAfter certain broker-dealers closed Gu's and Lee's accounts in early March 2021, Gu was able to continue the scheme through mid-April 2021 by lying to broker-dealers about his trading strategy, using accounts in the names of other people, and accessing these accounts through virtual private networks to hide his activity. The complaint alleges that Gu executed approximately 11,400 trades with himself, netting at least $668,671 in liquidity-rebates, and that Lee executed approximately 2,300 trades with himself, netting $51,334 in liquidity-rebates
As concern about climate patterns has grown over the past year, so too have the number of fintechs offering various ways for consumers to reduce and mitigate their carbon footprint. At the same time, traditional banks and credit card companies are also pivoting to retain and capture customers who want to invest their money in institutions that are helping solve rather than exacerbate climate change. Even Visa and Mastercard are rolling out ways to help consumers calculate and offset their impact.Aspiration is also riding the wave of growing interest in climate-focused fintech companies, with its revenue growing 700% over the past year and its customer base doubling to more than 5 million, according to data provided by the company. On the consumer side, it offers pay-what-you-want savings accounts and investment vehicles with a pledge not to invest in fossil fuels. The bulk of its revenue, however, comes from helping corporations offset their carbon footprint. In August, Aspiration announced plans to go public through a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC) merger that values it at $2.3 billion and will make it the first sustainability-focused consumer financial services provider in the public markets.Cherny said his personal pivot from politics to finance was driven by the belief that to address climate change, one must follow the money. “Banks are the primary drivers of the climate crisis,” he said. “These banks aren’t using their money, they’re using our money. Every time we deposit money into one of these big banks, we are literally writing the death sentence of life as we know it on this planet.”In the half-decade since the adoption of the Paris Agreement, the world’s largest banks have invested $3.8 trillion in fossil fuel projects, according to Banking on Climate Chaos, a report from a global alliance of nonprofits. Topping the list of investors are JPMorgan Chase, Citibank, Wells Fargo, Bank of America, and RBC. Barclays, despite recent commitments to disclose its greenhouse gas emissions and to invest in climate fintech solutions, ranked highest among European banks for its fossil fuel investments.The road to an IPOUnlike most traditional banks, Aspiration has committed to never investing consumer deposits in fossil fuels, weapons manufacturing, or private prisons. Aspiration also offsets all gas purchases for its debit card customers rewards spending with members of its Conscience Coalition of sustainability-minded companies rounds up purchases to invest in planting trees and scores customers based on the climate impact of their purchases to incentivize shifts in behavior. The Certified B Corporation plans to launch a credit card that rewards customers for sustainable purchases and automatically offsets their carbon footprint. “We’ve really created the category of sustainability-focused consumer financial products,” Cherny said.The SPAC deal with InterPrivate III Financial Partners gives it $400 million in cash to expand its market beyond the United States as well as add services for consumers and business customers alike. Though it is better known for its consumer offerings, Aspiration currently makes most of its revenue from its work with companies on carbon offsetting projects, such as a recent partnership with home developer Neu to offset the carbon footprint of construction for 5,000 smart, sustainable homes outside Austin. Aspiration’s varied business initiatives are united by a common focus on sustainability.As Cherny put it in a recent town hall, the company is “pioneering sustainability as a service.” That particular focus sets Aspiration apart from its consumer-facing rivals, and it makes sense from a business standpoint as more companies seek out partners that can help them attain ESG goals, according to James Ledbetter, editor and publisher of FIN, a newsletter about fintechs.“They are using their customer base to leverage really good deals in the corporate ESG provision space,” Ledbetter said. “I can’t think of another company that combines those two things.”The timing for Aspiration’s IPO is ideal given the recent surge of interest in sustainability. Companies that track and mitigate carbon are seeing record investment. And while consumers are increasingly concerned about climate issues, many don’t know what to do about it.“From a marketing standpoint, you’ve got people where you want them: They’re both feeling anxious and a little powerless,” Ledbetter said. “These companies provide a very easily accessible way to address that concern.” Greater competitionClimate fintechs remain a small niche within the world of fintechs, but they are rapidly growing and could have an outsize impact on the world of banking by prodding traditional banks to act, according to Alaina Sparks, who leads Deloitte’s U.S. fintech practice. They fit within a broader trend among fintechs in offering hyper-personalized services to customers with a niche interest—similar to how credit card companies tailor their products and rewards for frequent fliers or Costco shoppers. In the case of climate fintechs, the focus is on people who are concerned about their carbon impact and want to do something about it—which Sparks acknowledged can be a difficult demographic to pin down. But it’s also a customer base that has the potential to expand rapidly, particularly if climate disasters increase.“There’s significant opportunity in the space,” Sparks said. “While they are certainly niche players at the moment, we are expecting to see them play a much more significant role going forward.”Cherny said the average Aspiration customer is in his or her thirties, but that otherwise there is no specific trait such as geography or income level that sets these consumers apart from the public at large. “They represent more of a psychographic than a demographic,” he noted. “A lot of people who are signing up are in their twenties and thirties and have been watching for decades as the government and business have not done what they need to do. They believe they have a personal responsibility to do what they can.”As the number of people who fit that profile grows, many competitors have emerged. Some offer their own take on how to battle the climate crisis. Cushon offers net-zero pensions Trine and Raise Green are crowdfunding platforms that support sustainability projects Treecard offers a wooden Mastercard and invests 80% of profits in reforestation and climate investments and Joro helps customers reduce their carbon emissions through tracking and community-based challenges like going vegan for a week. On the business-to-business side, the payment platform Stripe has launched Stripe Climate, a way for its small-business customers to reinvest revenue in carbon removal projects.More direct competitors to Aspiration are also emerging. In September, Carbon Zero Financial launched with an app that measures the carbon impact of users’ credit card spending. The company plans to launch its own credit card next year with a feature that automatically neutralizes carbon impact—just as Aspiration aims to do. Atmos, which launched in January, offers fee-free banking accounts with a pledge to invest in clean energy assets. “Aligning your money is the single easiest thing you can do because it’s passive, and it’s among the most impactful things you can do,” said cofounder Peter Hellwig.Despite entering an increasingly crowded field, Hellwig sees plenty of room for Atmos. He predicts climate-related solutions will be the fastest growing segment of banking in the coming decades. He also said that many existing solutions are more marketing than substance and that the market is ripe for a data-driven alternative. “Tree-planting programs are just sort of a marketing campaign. Our answer to greenwashing is to measure the carbon impact of your money,” he said. Some conservationists say the popularity of planting trees to offset carbon is problematic because such programs can easily fail to realize promised results if they are not planned properly or with broader ecosystems in mind. Traditional banks are also taking notice of the rapid rise in climate-focused fintechs, with many pledging to track and disclose the emissions of their loan and investment portfolios by adopting the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) reporting standard. Morgan Stanley, Barclays, BlackRock, Deutsche Bank, and HSBC all recently joined the initiative, and members of the Global Alliance for Banking on Values (GABV), a separate coalition of banks, have also committed to the PCAF approach.
How'd you manage -38 karma?
Ummm, greenlighting projects that did not pass zoning? What?
China is built upon a house of cards.
It'll be interesting to see if a lawsuit arises from this. It effectively changes the order of creditor priority. Those foreign bondholders could sue in foreign courts (the bonds are governed by US or UK law) if thats the case.
For those hitting a paywall:&gt__At least two local governments in China have taken control of sales revenue from Evergrande properties, even as Beijing remained silent about the unfolding liquidity crisis at the world’s most indebted developer and investors braced for more missed bond payments__&gtIn a circular issued on Wednesday and seen by the Financial Times, the Nansha District housing and urban-rural construction bureau in the southern city of Guangzhou asked an Evergrande subsidiary to put presale revenue from Sunshine Peninsula, a stalled residential development, into a state-controlled custodial account so that “homebuyers’ interest can be protected and project construction continues”.&gtAnother district housing bureau in Zhuhai, a southern city neighbouring Macau, asked an Evergrande residential project this month to transfer sale proceeds into a government account, according to people with knowledge of the matter.&gtThe moves marked an escalating effort to curb the impact of Evergrande’s debt crisis, which rocked global financial markets last week and has sparked protests from suppliers and investors, who fear they will not be repaid in the event of a default. The developer has struggled to access credit in the wake of Beijing’s crackdown on spiralling property sector leverage amid a post-pandemic housing bubble.&gtFears of wider contagion deepened after investors in an Evergrande offshore bond did not receive an interest payment ahead of a closely watched deadline last week.&gtEvergrande, which has not made a statement on the $83.5m coupon, has a 30-day grace period before triggering a default.&gtAs many as eight other provinces have made requests since August for Evergrande to place presales revenue into custodial accounts as the cash-strapped developer put hundreds of unfinished projects on hold, according to Caixin, a Chinese financial magazine.&gt“It is common for Chinese developers to allocate sales proceeds earmarked for particular projects for other uses, ranging from debt payments to land purchases,” said Bo Zhuang, a Singapore-based economist at Loomis Sayles, an asset manager. “That is no longer an option,” he added.&gtEvergrande did not respond to a request for comment on Sunday. &gtThe project delays and construction suspensions clouded expectations of what could become China’s biggest-ever corporate debt restructuring. Evergrande faces a total of Rmb1.97tn ($305bn) of liabilities, including $20bn of outstanding debt on offshore markets.&gtAs of earlier this month, progress had stalled at hundreds of Evergrande’s ongoing projects across China, most of which have been fully sold, according to people close to the company. The suspended developments have prompted a flood of online complaints as well as public protests by anxious homebuyers and retail investors.&gt“I have spent my life savings on the apartment,” said a Guangzhou resident surnamed Zhu who bought a two-bedroom flat at Sunshine Peninsula for Rmb2.1m ($325,000). “My life will be ruined if the project can’t be finished.”&gtZhu added that his payments for the apartment did not appear on the account earmarked for the project. “I have no idea where the money has gone,” he said.&gtBeijing has made project completion a top priority in tackling the Evergrande debacle, indicating authorities’ concern that public dissatisfaction with the company could threaten social stability, a chief concern for China’s leadership.&gtThis has prompted local authorities to put the developer’s presale proceeds under their watch so that project funding would not go elsewhere.&gt“There is no way our headquarters can transfer the money now that it is in a government account,” said an official at Sunshine Peninsula, which is expected to resume construction following a five-month suspension.&gtBut how much the government interventions will kickstart stalled projects where sales proceeds had already been reallocated remains an open question.&gtThe financial woes have rippled across the sprawling group: in a regulatory filing on Friday, Evergrande New Energy, its electric vehicles unit, warned that it was facing a “serious shortage of funds” and would be forced to suspend operations and possibly employees’ salaries without “further capital injection”.&gtOne Evergrande executive noted that local governments were also providing policy incentives, such as greenlighting property sales on projects that failed to pass zoning requirements, to help improve Evergrande’s cash flow.&gtThe developer faces more upcoming deadlines, including a $45m payment due on Wednesday on a bond maturing in 2024.&gt“The idea is to employ whatever policy tools to help us sell faster within the existing legal framework,” said the executive.&gtStill, the measures would not fully bridge the funding gap needed to complete the projects, the executive added.&gt“We simply don’t have enough resources to complete all the projects on time. We need more external assistance.”[Financial Times Source](https://www.ft.com/content/595c3f50-755d-4dcc-afc3-4c993e50a936)
&gt"...to block potential misuse"A little late for that.
They were building parking garages and declaring each space to be worth $8k. This is all a game it’s all stupid. People are playing games with money not caring for a minute that it means people’s lives. No one caught up in this is innocent. Want less.
I thought the Ponzi aspect was that they required capital investors/partners to essentially buy into Evergrande
My TLDR - Evergrande is not your traditional (equity) Ponzi scheme. It was a debt Ponzi scheme, continually borrowing to build and build properties, many of which could not be sold. It had so much capitalised interest it never had positive FCF since it was listed in 2009.
Haven’t thought of this, but it makes sense. Limits exist on the ability to exchange to foreign currency, so it makes sense the gov would try to limit another Avenue to move funds out of the Yuan.
I have a thought but I am not a market expert so if this is dumb don't hit me too hard. I've been reading about Evergrande and the potential to affect China like 2008 in the US. I'm curious is China's rush to ban Crypto's a way to slow down the devaluation of the Yuan? One reason comes to mind is this limits Chinese companies from moving from the Yuan to Bitcoin for an example.
&gt The “just keep building” mentality runs deep in Communist culturesExpanding markets is also a key part of capitalism, so this isn't a communist issue, this is a finite world in which people want infinite growth issue. The math is horrible.
I think that if Xi starts really restricting the "free" market in China, it is very much possible that we will see an increase in stock prices in North america.  Why? because the investors capital will slowly leave China and move somewhere else safer.
Newsflash:  It isn't just the economy
There is about $20bil in offshore bonds (not just US) in evergrande at the moment. Even if none of it gets paid back that’s not going to ripple much at all. Hell WPG, a mall, has $1+ billion in bonds they’re gonna default on and that impact will be tiny. This is absolutely nothing like 2008, karma farmer
What effect could the collapse have on the global economy? Could this trigger a downturn in the global market?
This whole situation is far from over. Whether it ends up being material or not, it is way too early to call this over and declare which side of that fence their default falls on.There are a lot of overlapping factors at play. It took years for the MBS / real estate crisis in the US to ripple through the US and global economy in 2007-09. If evergrande defaulting is the start of issues in china’s real estate market, it wi take time for the other dominos to fall. You’ll see other real estate developers default, possibly even some of the small or mid-sized banks overexposed to the sector. Banks likely accelerate their ongoing push to curtail lending to real estate (mandated by government). Less lending + developer defaults = lower real estate prices, which creates a negative feedback loop of potential homeowner defaults and further distress on banks and real estate prices. 75% of household wealth in China is tied to real estate, and real estate development / construction is 25% of the economy. Even a moderate slowdown would have major impacts on wealth and incomes, and in turn consumer confidence and spending.This is a worst case scenario of course, and China’s government looms large to potentially provide support for the sector. But lately china’s government has been hostile to investors and keen to reign in the wealthy entrepreneurial class which threatens their power. Further, housing cost and cost of living generally are a focus as the government takes aim at improving middle class lifestyle and raising birth rates. So I think the Chinese government will let a few companies fail and let the air out of the tires on the real estate market before stepping in. But in the interim things could get choppy, and there may be some missteps to their intervention which could see the issue spread.
China is picking up the tab for onshore investors. Not US or others.
300b is total liabilities, not what is at risk of default.  They do still have some assets, albeit overstated and illiquid.Blackrock owns maybe *billion*, likely less, and only in funds with exposure to Evergrande debt, which is to say likely little to none vs their AUA, as they dont have an Asian High Yield debt fund or similar that I am aware of and other allocations are likely low as a % of AUA.  Probably some exposure in their larger global bond funds but again, small.Its not that big yet.The bigger issue becomes when the definition of collateral in exchange for liquidity becomes stronger and widespread writedowns of properties at 60-70% have to take place to buy liquidity.This is unlikely because Xi is attempting to continue in office next year and if he doesnt have widespread support he cannot rewrite the rules to stay in power.  If citizens property goes down in value he will not have support.
Uh oh, severe slow down in economic growth with an economy leveraged to the sky. How are you doing to pay your debt with a dead economy?
[deleted]
So happy they could negotiate a onshore coupon. Everything is fine!
I'm creeped out by the entire post. It's abuse and control hidden behind good ole fashion family values. That is not how that's supposed to work.
Based on the precedences of partial bailouts, a la Huarong by Citic, and Yong Cheng Coal by Henan Energy.
&gt Is always learning, growing, and *being stretched* ?????
&gt China is picking up the tab Where did you read this? I haven't seen anything that suggests this is happening
That would be the equivalent of 316,000 households in the US, for anyone curious.
Personally, I think the most important factor is that there is no united government.  Hezbollah is a major political factor. They are heavily influenced by Iran.  Not much can happen in Lebanon without their approval. So reform is not really possible. The country is not really being run for the benefit of the Lebanese but rather Iran.
I believe blackrock is holding billions…they won’t pay bond interest to foreign investors only domestic.  What 300B dollars defaulting if going to shake the market.
Of the 1.7m of the **660 million households**0.3% of households. Not a big deal
I don't know anybody who thought there would be serious fallout, although I saw lots of talk on reddit about some sort of debt spiral or something.As said by the bloomberg article somebody linked in this thread, it was a reasonable question but it also had an obvious answer.Gotta generate headlines and trading volume, though.
The rich took their money and left months before the situation occurred because they probably knew
That’s little kid money. US is printing trillions
Ya if big biz is l trying to convince you everything is fine then you should probably run
He looks like evil bizaro John Oliver
Domestic ripples in China could be material for foreign businesses reliant for growth from the Chinese market. 1.7m households have put up to a 50% deposit for a property not built or completed yet by Evergrande. That could be a lot of savings and perceived wealth that could vanish or at best be devalued. This could trigger the middle class to reduce their consumer spend. I can see Tesla being affected and the prospective EV buyers shifting their spend to more affordable Chinese EV like Xpeng. Same could happen for luxury goods.
So they are into being scammed?? Sounds like a safe bet…..s/
China is picking up the tab and risk averse investors ran from China months ago so I think the consensus is that it will have small ripples and those will be mostly domestic.It’s another “buyer beware” sign for the market though .
It’s amazing how this story was all over my feed for days and now it’s almost completely vanished from the conversation.
More coverage at:*  [Evergrande Isn't a Lehman. Now for the Bad News (bloomberg.com)](https://www.bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2021-09-22/evergrande-won-t-be-a-lehman-like-debt-crisis-china-may-still-slow) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
Election certification happens every election. Supreme Court nominations are allowed for each president during their term.I could create a list but I’m not going to go any further.One side is going the mutually assured destruction route when they don’t get their way/to get their way.
So the SEC discloses are all completely fraudulent? Or the companies entire business and financials are all a front?
&gt I'm surprised this is apparently a new thing.... It's been known for a long time that trades made by senators and congressmen outperform the market quite significantly.That's not what the article states:*But despite all the skepticism about politicians and their ethical standards, the evidence doesn't show that members of Congress make great stock pickers. While a 2004 paper found that senators generally outperformed the market, more recent academic studies in 2013 and over the last few years have suggested lawmakers are not good at picking stocks.**"Those papers have found that in fact, the trades made by senators have underperformed," Hasija said.*
Sounds like a self fulfilling prophecy
When you know where government spending and contracts are going and get to manage your portfolio, you realize great returns.
Insider trading is effectively legal for congress.
Probably anything other than the cryptocurrency that maxes out at 7 transactions per second and had transaction fees skyrocket to $60 when people were actually using it.  If the whole world adopts it everyone will average out to one or two transactions for their entire life.  Maybe try one that wasn't take over my morons trying to sell a worthless second layer.
It’s not, I’ve been following the guy who started the trend and he’s been at it for like a year, and that’s just on TikTok. News is just behind on the times
"Investors perceive that senators may have insider information," he said. "And we see abnormal positive returns when there's a disclosure by a senator."In other words, Hasija's research shows that after the disclosures are published, there's a bump in the price of stocks bought by lawmakers.”
Yes but as with all f13 filings you can often get in at a better average than they did, if prices happen to drop in the short term. Munger getting into BABA is a slightly extreme example of this. There are definitely worse ways to spend your money.
That would make a great index
They are so corrupt it’s insane.
They all are. We're ruled by a bunch of fossils
Maybe they are finding the same price points and taking long positions? I thought the same thing
Hahaha their trades are published from like 45 days after are they not?
I'm surprised this is apparently a new thing.... It's been known for a long time that trades made by senators and congressmen outperform the market quite significantly.
Man Chin is a DINO
&gtI am not going to address Obama because it’s absurd. Obama...
Yeah, price fixing always seems to end with either shortages or the subsidizing government going broke.  Can't fight economics forever.
They don’t control the senate. Manchin and Sinema are holding out and preventing simple majority.
Here are the reasons why some of you need to worry here1. The political parties have grown more polarized from each other2. Debt ceiling increases are subject to the filibuster, which requires no more than statement "i would like to filibuster this bill" and a 60 vote threshold.3. Pelosi stated that anything having to do with raising the debt ceiling will not be in the budget reconciliation, which only needs a simple majority4. Some Democrats, like Manchin, are opposed to raising the debt ceiling.
Maybe because the debt limit has already been raised over 100 times before, it has never been an effective measure to limit government spending, and it is all political theater?
can someone TLDR me?  how did this happen in the case of Lebanon?
This could have been avoided if they used Bitcoin!
They'd need to abolish the filibuster in the Senate.  Perhaps I misunderstood your suggestion.
Yes. Both parties use it to extract concessions. The worst in recent memory was in 2011 when one of the rating agencies downgraded US’ rating. There was some market turmoil but obviously no one talks about “the great crash of 2011” or whatever.
You're not making any sense.. the democrats didn't create this situation.. there's nothing to "hold their ground" about.  Either the debt ceiling gets raised, so that the government can continue to function or it doesn't get raised and all hell breaks loose.  There's no mechanism to "cut government spending" on the scale that it would take to balance the federal budget in  just 1 bill.
It happens almost every year. “Congress has voted to adjust the borrowing limit 17 times in the past 20 years, making it a near-annual legislative task.”
Incoming cryptards saying this could've been avoided if the country just used Bitcoin or any of the other countless online currencies.
Republicans were never fiscal conservatives though.  It was all talk.  Reagan tripled the national debt.  Bush somewhat raised taxes to try to correct the imbalance, and lost the election for it when his party turned on him.  Clinton balanced the budget.  Bush W cut taxes and went into two unfunded wars again ballooning the debt and annual deficit.  Obama reduced the deficit by 2/3s, despite dealing with a near Great Depression level economic collapse.  Then Trump cut taxes again and inflated spending.  For my entire life, the pattern has been republicans only pretend to care about debt when they are not in power.  But most of the debt is due to republican policies.
As if republicans didn’t bail on fiscal conservatism with bush… in fact they only really bothered mentioning it when there’s a democrat in office
1) market environment today is heavily “risk-on” and pumped up by loads of cheap money, which has the effect of causing people to more easily look past short term disruptions2) the Republicans completely bailed on their ethos of fiscal conservatism under trump, allowing both parties to spend with reckless abandon. If status quo holds they will raise the debt ceiling again. Could come down to their guy was in the White House so they decided to stop caring, and I think it’s likely they change course here.
why is everyone treating this like it isnt serious? its all political grandstanding until it isn't.
&gtElshami, who is now the policy director at the lobbying firm Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, says both parties should have learned the lesson that even the threat of a default can seriously harm the economy. Democrats voted to increase the borrowing cap under President Trump even as the debt ballooned when Republicans approved costly tax cuts and partisan spending priorities. Democrats have said Republicans need to take ownership of the debt they helped create — both through partisan legislation and when Congress voted for bipartisan COVID relief spending under Trump.
You mean the banks can now purchase them.
Except it’s a room of broken clocks
A broken clock is right twice a day
China won’t bail out EG and the banks directly. They will instead bail out the citizens, nationalize the property development companies, and disappear the executives. If this happened in the US, then yes, we’d bail-out the companies and banks before any citizens saw a dime. China more importantly needs their people to trust in their government. They care less about donors and propping up a poorly run business.
So did Herman Cain.
Stocks hate mondays, people familiar with the matter say. No, seriously, msm is really publishing such articles.
10 years even…https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.businessinsider.com/andrew-left-evergrande-warning-looming-debt-insolvency-citron-research-2021-9%3famp
Not to take anything away from the people who predicted it, there are are quite a few people yelling about something all the time
Hopefully Chinese investors are forced to sell their properties in major Western cities. This might allow local residents to buy their home.
Aww, gee I feel so bad for Chinese real estate market manipulators.
Taken completely out of context. You're arguing in bad faith
Easier to breathe in, literally
Stocks fell on Monday? Ah, nothing to do with Evergrande, it's just a case of the Mondays
It’s not enough, devaluing the yuan to pay a mostly dollar denominated debt market is a catch 22. They may try but I think the situation is a lot more precarious.
My apologies, I haven't had my morning laudanum yet. I'm so old that anything that actually has an effect is something I assume to be healthy.
East Indies, you chuckle head - West Indies was Rum, Tobacco and Cotton.Jesus, I get that you're 500 years old, but this last century or so, you've really started to slip.
Except for the people yelling about it as early as 5 years ago.
Lol nice.
I've been following chinese real estate bubble concerns for 200 years, starting back when I brought back silks, spices, fireworks, apirin and eyeglasses from a trip to the west indies.
Over fishing of other sovereign nations territorial waters using destructive techniques, originator of COVID-19, financial contagions, human rights violations, etc.  What would a world without China be like?
Remember when you said wearing a mask was child abuse?https://www.reddit.com/r/forwardsfromgrandma/comments/o0jekd/title/h1vazm7/
Suddenly, with no one predicting this in the last many months, perhaps even years. Shocker
These overnight pumps are reminiscent of last year post fed injection. Futures are easy to pumpOr dump. Long term there’s no way but up, but to say that the US markets are directly affected by Evergrande is just a mask for the issues that have brought us down the last few sessions.
Daily fluctuations are not a good measure of market "strength". The price is set by the highest bidder so even an individual with a few thousand dollars can make the pretty line (for low volume stocks) jump up and down.
“China’s crackdown on property developers, without a known endgame, is what’s sapping liquidity from thinly traded securities…. “So what’s the endgame???
This market seems so strong and so weak at the same time. Like one person says the wrong thing and the show’s over. Then another person says one thing and the market is firing on 10 cylinders instead of the 8 the week before. I know why we are at these levels just surprised at how strong they’re holding up. Money in the bank if you play it right
Chinese real estate bubble has been a concern for ten+ years. It was always just a matter of time.
It's not going to be another financial crisis due to this. This is just the crisis-industry at work, having already predictet 103 of the last 3 financial meltdowns.
Nah, "off the grid thanks to Western MSM" is the correct answer. We have been discussing this in other groups from the start of the year, and am aware of people who have known/researched it 2 years ago.
Maybe "off the grid thanks to CCP" is more accurate
Because they own a lot of real estate assets so under normal times were something to go wrong the lender could just foreclose on the asset and take ownership or sell for a recovery. Most of the debt consists of individual loans tied to a specific property/development. So as huge as it is it’s not like one bank just said “yeah here’s your few billion, good luck”. You’re always going to see higher debt loads on real estate companies which is totally fine as long as it’s managed properly. The asset backing these loans is usually (key word) an appreciating asset.
Global Financial markets have recovered overnight. All is well again!
"suddenly"
It’s called money laundering. Same method used in British Columbia casinos. [https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/david-eby-money-laundering-inquiry-1.6002095](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/david-eby-money-laundering-inquiry-1.6002095)
Came to say this, Macau functions like a giant expensive FX shop. Nationals are limited to converting up to $50000 USD normally, Macau let’s them swap as much as they want for the low price of a holiday
True, but that’s not why the Chinese go to Macau. It’s for money laundering. There was a great YouTube economic channel (whose name I can’t remember) that explained how rich Chinese are able to buy millions of dollars of real estate in Vancouver, London, etc when... China has very strict restrictions on how much money Chinese are able to take outside the country. They take a vacation to Macau, and play a game (I forget which one) where the house wins about 55% of the time. They do this with a huge amount (say, $10M), over a few days. They are then able to take their 45% in chips ($4.5M) via some Chinese loophole and buy $$$ houses in London, etc. for cash.
A friend of mine in Beijing once told me that every night, 60k girls are selling their bodies in the city. So there will always be hookers.
The majority of these gamblers are not sophisticated patrons of the high end lifestyle. They're mostly average Joe's who got lucky on real estate appreciation or own factories that churn out millions for making basic items. They don't go to Macau to eat fancy and watch a show, they go to gamble hard, smoke cigs, drink baijiu, and maybe go to a dirty sauna. That's why Macau is boring but generates way more revenue than VegasEdit: content
Outline.comIt doesn’t work for some sites but you can get around it if you use a link shortener (e.g bit.ly) then paste that in outline
🤫🤫🤐🤐
Way more hookers. Exclusively reserved for the high end clientele though.
The big reason is Macau let's them trade in Chinese money for chips, then pays out in a currency of their choosing.  It's a loophole to get around the Chinese government's limits on currency exchange.
Vegas or Monaco isn’t exactly close. They can be at a gambling table in Macau within 4-6 hrs from anywhere in China but they ain’t near anywhere in Europe or USA in that amount of time
Casinos make most profit off high net worth individuals and Macau caters to them almost exclusively. It’s not as much a tourism model like Vegas is, or to a lesser extent Monaco. Macau is also more business oriented.
Woah!Does this work for most/all paywalls?
As if the company was gonna have the funds to pay out the bonus in the first place. This is why you never live off the bonus.
Incognito.
I just find it hard to imagine that there is any way for people who can afford to go to a higher end casino for them to not choose Monaco, and if you’re going more for the rush and thrill of gambling you’re going to go to Las Vegas. Plus if you go to Vegas and you’ve got a family, you can send the family eight hours off to Disneyland for a couple days while you party in Vegas. Hong Kong Disneyland does not have nearly the attraction of Anaheim Disneyland. I went to Macau and it was like a pricier less interesting Vegas.
Is there a non pay walled version?
I laughed for 5 minutes at this
Lmao what is this shit&gt Stripe, for example, the payments platform behind many sites with clients including Amazon and Alphabet's (GOOGL.O) Google, was valued at $95 billion in MarchIt’s a credit card processor. The banks/credit card companies still get paid.And when regulators get a hold of some of these niches that are being filled, their cost advantage will evaporate.
It's almost impossible to uncover scandals, no matter how good of an investor one is
When will people realize the IMF is just a credit card for China? It's not even like they're trying to hide it anymore, and the minimal effort they do put in to hide it makes it less credible. Just rebrand to "Belt and Road Credit Fund" already and stop playing footsies already.
Middle managers being coerced into meeting targets by high pressure tactics from upper management, and hiding the fraud from upper management. 3G is notorious for their cost cutting. It's likely upper management didn't even know.
Wells Fargo
In Heinzeight, that's because they were very Krafty
This is from September 3rd
Now I know everyone wants to make ketchup puns, but can someone explain what they were doing and why? It looks like they were under reporting their COGS so that they would have a higher profit margin. Was this just to trick investors in order to inflate their stock price? And then what were they doing? Selling their inflated stock?
I wonder if this means shady stuff is going on at Anheuser Busch as well. Anheuser was another 3G Capital leveraged buyout that brought in Brazilian cost-cutting management to lay off all of the workers and has been a failure for shareholders. I remember the CEO was constantly talking about EBITDA. Warren Buffett had the quote: "People who use EBITDA are either trying to con you or they’re conning themselves. Telecoms, for example, spend every dime that’s coming in. Interest and taxes are real costs.”
Yeah, it’s a Miracle it didn’t Whip up more controversy.
Lmayo
That’s so cheesy
just wait till they mustard their legal defenses.
This is the second Buffett company I’ve heard of recently with some sort of scandal. Trying to remember what the other one was now.
With almost two decades of experience in accounting and finance. The associated networked contacts that come from tat.No, there is not any business that isn't cheating. The external auditors required by SOX have all become captured by the large corporations and will ultimately sign off on whatever they are told to.
I guess they didn’t think the consequences would ketchup to them.
Db: The cost of doing businessCr: Cash
They didn’t, they lied about making 208 million
Whoa, hit the breaks, buddy
Jonathan Wheatley in LondonKristalina Georgieva, managing director of the IMF, has been accused by a World Bank inquiry of directing efforts to artificially boost China’s ranking in the lender’s influential annual Doing Business report.The allegations pertain to the period when she was chief executive of the World Bank and overseeing its efforts to raise new capital from stakeholders including China.Georgieva said she disagreed fundamentally with the accusation, contained in a report commissioned by the bank from the law firm WilmerHale. It was presented internally on Wednesday and released by the World Bank’s board on Thursday.The bank also said on Thursday that it had discontinued publication of Doing Business because of ethical concerns over the conduct of current and former members of staff involved in its preparation.The WilmerHale report found that in the 2018 edition of Doing Business, China’s overall ranking had been artificially held at 78 — the same as in the previous year — as a result of late changes that elevated its position from 85.The report alleges that Georgieva led efforts to improve China’s ranking at a time when she was “engrossed” in a campaign to secure a capital increase for the World Bank. It said that during the preparation of Doing Business 2018, high-ranking Chinese government officials “repeatedly expressed their concerns” to then World Bank president Jim Yong Kim and other senior bank managers that the country’s ranking “did not accurately reflect its economic reforms”. WilmerHale said attempts were made in the days before publication of Doing Business 2018 to raise China’s ranking from 85, such as incorporating data for Hong Kong into its scores. When these efforts failed to deliver the desired results, the report alleged, Georgieva “became directly involved”.     **When you have that many judgment calls, and with such huge political pressures on the report, you have a recipe for manipulation**----Justin Sandefur, Center for Global DevelopmentThe law firm’s report, Investigation of Data Irregularities, alleged that Georgieva directed Simeon Djankov, one of the founders of Doing Business, to guide the report to publication and that Djankov subsequently “worked with Doing Business management to identify changes to China’s data that would raise the country’s score and increase its ranking”.It said three indicators of business conditions — starting a business, legal rights-getting credit and paying taxes — were modified, raising China’s score by almost a point and increasing its ranking by seven places to 78.In a statement issued by the IMF, Georgieva said: “I disagree fundamentally with the findings and interpretations of Investigation of Data Irregularities as it relates to my role in the World Bank’s Doing Business report of 2018. I have already had an initial briefing with the IMF’s executive board on this matter.” WilmerHale’s report also alleges irregularities in the preparation of Doing Business 2020, in which it says Saudi Arabia was artificially promoted to first in its top improvers list, ahead of Jordan.Justin Sandefur of the Center for Global Development think-tank, a longtime critic of the Doing Business reports, said WilmerHale’s allegations chimed with his own criticism of the report for being too subjective and flimsy in its methodology. “The rankings jumped around like crazy, even when nothing was changing on the ground,” he said. “When you have that many judgment calls, and with such huge political pressures on the report, you have a recipe for manipulation.” Sandefur is one of six academics commissioned to present recommendations on how to improve Doing Business to Carmen Reinhart, the World Bank’s chief economist. He said he expected the results, presented two weeks ago, to be made public in the coming days.The World Bank said on Thursday it was committed to advancing the role of the private sector in development and would work on “a new approach to assessing the business and investment climate”.
No, that is not correct.What happened is that they broke the law by stating that they had earned more money that what they really earned (+208 million) thus lying to investors. As a result of that, they got fined 62 million.They did not stole 208 million, because those 208 million did not exist to begin with.
My goodness, is no one’s compass pointing remotely North anymore? Any one? In any biz or office - not on the take or at either end of a lawsuit or scam?
To be fair, that's how settlements work. If the settlement fine amounted to the same amount as the penalty, there would be no loss for the defendant to take the matter to court. SEC has enough logistical issues and don't need another multi-year court case, and quite frankly they don't need the money. They just need to show everyone that they're in charge to serve as a deterrent.Also, quite damning that this happened almost immediately after Buffett's investment in Kraft Heinz. 3G is well known for its cutthroat cost-cutting measures, maybe the pressure they laid on their managers was too much. A lot of parallels with the Wells Fargo scandal.
Break &gt Brake
Lol a Rothschild thinks that billionaires will be the ones to create a better world. Surprise
You’re not understanding the argument then. They’re not describing the faults of capitalism as socialism. They’re saying that during hard times, socialist benefits are only provided for the wealthy. Everyone else gets beat into the ground with the shitty end of the capitalism stick. Socialism is a good thing unequally distributed…
Statements from this family about what society should look like should be completely discarded.
This reminds me of one of Walt Disney’s daughters (or granddaughters?) doing something similar.Make no mistake: this is PR. These people have no real interest in helping anybody but themselves
I don't think your bad experience with the specific tax implementation in Finland necessarily generalizes to all possible implementations. Also I'm not sure being more like Finland would be so bad, [they're ranked the 5th most prosperous country in the world.](https://www.prosperity.com/globe/finland)
Super high marginal tax rate, even at relatively low incomes. You get to a 48% marginal tax rate already at 34 000 euros a year. It peaks at 60% when you get 91 000 a year.  Not really incentivizing anyone to work hard here. Doesn't help that everything you consume is taxed super high as well, from gasoline and cars to your regular VAT. When you don't rely on income, the tax burden isn't as harsh, although it's more severe than other liberal countries. Capital gains is 30% and after 30 000, it's 34%.
lol married into the Rothschild family. Hundreds of years of familial wealth leads to “inclusive capitalism”, didn’t you know?!?!
I know this is reddit so it's a high bar to expect you to actually read the article, and I'm all for being skeptical about an author's motivations, but for what it's worth her position on raising taxes:&gt I personally am fine with higher taxes, *if higher taxes lead to better distribution of opportunity*, particularly for people of color and people in the lower part of the socioeconomic environment.Placing taxes on the highest tiers of wealth doesn't prevent new blood from getting in because by definition you're taxing the existing wealthy. You're taxing the people who have already made it and then some. Then that money can potentially be used to equal the playing field for people born into circumstances that make it harder for them to rise to the level of their ability, e.g. prenatal care, education, etc.
“What do you see as the most problematic symptoms of our economic system today?Inequality of opportunity. We have to be honest that in each of our two recent crises — the great financial crisis and the Covid crisis — the government came to the aid of the wealthiest. Some have called it “socialism for the rich and capitalism for everyone else.” There’s something to that. “
Oh yeah billionaires working with the head of the Catholic Crime Syndicate. Isn’t that already happening?
Yeah it's so funny seeing already successful people vouching for taxing high income earners.When they start talking about taxing their existing stockpile of money, I'll listen.
No mam.Hell no, to the no no no To the no no no no no no
I got mine, so now I’m pulling up the ladder. Happens all the time, just look at the political donor class.
Big Money and Big Jesus… yeah, that doesn’t scream enfranchised, established, and entrenched in corruption.Capitalist: *slaps Capitalism* “You won’t believe how much “inclusion” we can fit in this puppy!”
What a joke. Of course it's a Rothschild crusading for some inclusiveness. Easy to do, when you live life on the easiest mode available. Higher taxes and regulation sounds perfect for preventing new blood from getting in.
She gets the kinder, gentler guillotine
lol “inclusive capitalism” what a fucking joke
Don’t they work together already? Or are their pedophilia cover ups separate?
Fuck China.They still have tariffs on everything from Australia and assuming elsewhere.
Real estate price crash in China is inevitable. Chinese average house costs 28 x average earnings, there are between 60 and 90 million empty homes, the population is shrinking, the only questions are when and how. I doubt there is an easy way out for the CCP they have been putting this of for so long. Have you noticed how lumber prices have collapsed in the last 2-3 months, Iron ore has been cut in half in same period, copper is heading down. China is the biggest users of all these commodities Xi seems to be moving back to a more totalitarian form of government, why, I think because he knows there is going to be some turmoil and he needs control and he needs someone to blame. Who gets hurt by a property price collapse, owners of course but by far the worst hit will be taken by the rich, notice how China has stopped BTC mining as it was the easiest way for the rich to evade capital controls. Interesting times.China real estate up and downstream is 30% of china’s GDP, if it goes there is going to a giant deflationary impulse across the world as commodity prices collapse. USA uses 80 million tons of steel a year, China makes 800 million tons etc. If we get deflation in the west because of this and the general post COVID malaise asset prices world wide will collapse. House prices in USA are 6 x earnings, AUS, CAN, UK, Germany, France are all at between 8.5 and 10 x earnings. All well above long term sustainable prices. I don’t fancy our chances
Lol China might actually be more capitalist than the US.Imagine, letting failing businesses fail.
They’ve already been injecting liquidity into the repo markets. Last I heard was $15bn usd yesterday. Likely only the beginning.
cutting and pasting from /u/Michellerose6834 earlier postFrom the perspective of Chinese regulators and economists, the problem they face isn't really Evergrande specifically, it's that Evergrande is the flagship company in what is by far China's most important economic sector *real estate* They can't allow a disorderly collapse to freeze credit markets in the property sector because that really would tank the entire economy. So there will be a lot of sound and fury, but eventually they'll step in (at least for domestic creditors, offshore might take a beating).
Systemic risk is a bitch, depends on whether China thinks it can control the knock-on effects. There have to be hundreds of "too big to fail" companies in China
Isn’t that how it should work? Letting companies who take risky positions fail? Maybe China is more capitalistic than the states.
Idk, ask the American finance industry
Bailouts from the government are an expected thing now? What signal do a bailouts give for other companies when taking excessive risks?
BTW, this could be a mega win scenario for the USD. This is what I'd do:Start a new coin called USDD and peg it to the USD. We pass regulation that says this coin is backed by the US gov and it stands as equal to a paper bill. We allow any exchange to give USD for USDD. We call it "the first backed and regulated digital coin in the world", and we push to make it the defacto around the globe. We are now in the driver's seat and can make any laws we want around it.Fast forward 20 years, the USD + USDD market cap is 3 times larger than today, and we maintain our place as the world's currency, thus guaranteeing our ability to keep printing money and screwing up budgets and markets for the foreseeable century.But that's too easy. Instead, we'll look down and screw around de-fi markets, until it's too late to join the growing party.
Yup. America is most definitely in a cold war with China.A big thing to watch is American Infrastructure spending and how much gets allocated towards defense. All in the name of creating jobs.
I don't and don't really mess with Chinese anything except speculative bets here and there. Recently they've been dumping and pumping sectors regularly through "anonymous regulators". Casinos look promising short term without any really bad covid news.My opinion: it's geopolitical for China. It's a win win for the CCP.  They want to be a superpower, have very specific ambitions and can't execute if they become further financially weakened. They can still prop up economic activity with reserves and weakening the yuan and it gives the CCP more influence then they already have on their internal markets.It could also force America to continue inflating away debt. Compounded with slowing GDP growth and genuine supply side concerns a lot of which China has influence over it could mean economic slowdown for America. Not to mention as we continue to maintain low interest rates other countries regionally in emerging markets who hold American debt become irritated with the US and China can fill that void with real goods. A tactic they already use effectively which further diverts supply away from America and bolsters Chinese production.I personally don't think the CCP wants to get into a financial pissing contest with America but it seems to be unfolding this way.Bottom line if the CCP says one thing expect another. If they say they're waiting this out it means they're working feverishly behind the scenes to create a solution the CCP finds acceptable.
&gtU.S. Treasury officials have reportedly identified several risks posed by stablecoins.The government body is set to make recommendations for stricter rules surrounding cryptocurrencies. Treasury Weighs in on Stablecoins&gtTreasury officials have identified several ways that stablecoins could pose a risk to investors and the wider economy, Bloomberg reported Thursday.According to anonymous sources cited in the report, ensuring that investors can reliably move money in and out of tokens is a top priority, whether through centralized or decentralized exchanges. &gtAdditionally, the Treasury raised concerns about a market sell-off causing widespread financial instability and how certain stablecoins could scale up dangerously fast, outpacing national currencies. In particular, the sources expressed worry over the growth of tokens that are sponsored by tech giants like Facebook, which is currently developing its own stablecoin called Diem.   &gtWhile the comments on stablecoins are currently little more than recommendations from the Treasury, officials are said to be discussing plans for a more formal review by the Financial Stability Oversight Council. If carried out, the council would closely assess whether stablecoins could pose an economic threat. The regulatory attention being paid to stable, dollar-pegged assets is not unexpected. In July, U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen met with the Working Group on Financial Markets to discuss potential stablecoin regulations. The latest recommendations from Treasury officials indicate that regulatory decisions on stablecoins and the wider cryptocurrency market might be closer than anticipated. &gtOver the past several months, stablecoin providers have faced increasing pressure from regulators and the crypto community. The largest stablecoin by market capitalization, Tether, has long faced scrutiny over whether its USDT coins are adequately backed by cash. Additionally, Tether executives came under investigation by the Department of Justice in July over possible misconduct during the company’s early years.  &gtOther stablecoin providers have not escaped inspection either. USD Coin, which is widely used on Coinbase, has recently been criticized for the lack of transparency regarding how its coins are backed. While Coinbase initially stated that “each USDC is backed by one U.S. dollar, which is held in a bank account,” the company has since updated its website to include cash equivalents in the backing. &gtStablecoins form an integral part of the cryptocurrency ecosystem, providing a great deal of utility to those investing in digital assets or participating in decentralized finance. As such, U.S. regulators are quickly identifying the risks associated with stablecoins before they become more widely adopted.
You better hope so if you have any Holdings or call options in anything. And art sitting on a good slice of cash or hedged positions.
No.  They injected liquidity into the financial market to help prepare for the fallout.  They didn't give that money to Evergrande.
For now
Too many intrusive ads. Any tldr?
World bank may as well be an entity of the CCP at this point. There isn’t an African nation that hasn’t been sold out to China by this joke of a organisation. Together with the UN and WHO, it’s a giant clusterfuck of corruption
Recovering funds is an extremely slow and painstaking process.  It takes forever, money is inherently fungible and having to prove exactly which dollar is fraudulent is really really difficult.  This recovery percentage is honestly insane, i can't believe they got this much back.
So there is 'undue pressure' and data irregularities and the plan is to stop publishing, rather than publish a legit report. This seems to be the wrong It was useful and interesting, even if not perfect and very few organizations have the resources and purview to create a similar report.Corruption really hurts people and creates massive power imbalances. Journalist blow up and one of the few bodies that can shine a light and have some actual influence, checks out because of corruption.I know that the World Bank Group and those who run it have all sorts of interests, including many that may be in conflict with its mandate and are opposed to mine. Never the less I would have been glad to see them say "because of what was uncovered we are going twice as hard...without fear or favour".I'm actually surprisingly upset about this whole thing.
Their losses are unimaginable but many who experience fraud like this receive nothing.  It can't/won't change what it did to peoples retirement and to their lives but 80% is an incredible accomplishment for this case.
I'm not exactly sure what you're saying here. Evergrande's book liabilities are  \~$300bn, which on the face of it would be something like \~8% of China's GDP. Which, you're right, is an astronomical number. But it's also a gross number - that debt isn't going to be written down to zero, various pieces of it will get paid off at different rates in a restructuring. For instance, deposits on unsold apartments probably get 100 cents, loans to the CEO to rent a private jet probably get a bit less (lol). But even if the central bank were just to print a new $300bn and hand it out in exchange for Evergrande bonds, that wouldn't spike inflation to 10%. From the perspective of Chinese regulators and economists, the problem they face isn't really Evergrande specifically, it's that Evergrande is the flagship company in what is by far China's most important economic sector. They can't allow a disorderly collapse to freeze credit markets in the property sector because that really would tank the entire economy. So there will be a lot of sound and fury, but eventually they'll step in (at least for domestic creditors, offshore might take a beating).
Better than 0Most people get 0
im sorry i was raised sending smoke signals not typeing on a piece of glass im 89 and still trying though! can u count change back?
Sure they can. Why wouldn't they be able to? The constraint is inflation - but there's no evidence China is in danger of an inflationary spiral. And as u/psuedodoc points out: if the alternative is a Lehman-style credit crisis, they'd be fools not to tolerate a bit of extra inflation to avoid that. Evergrande is, as the saying goes, too big to fail. The real issue is that they keep trying to introduce "moral hazard" into the marketplace to reduce too-risky investments, but as yet have been unable to accomplish that. And it's not clear how they'll be able to.
, . . , , , .Here you go, seems you lost these
80% of losses is pretty good considering. Of course, the missed growth opportunity on that capital is huge.
Yikes. This was a hard read. You should take some English or writing classes son.
China can't just print more money as easily as the U.S can. The U.S is jna unique position  because the dollar is the worlds reserve currency.
Two month old account repeatedly defending China and attacking USA. You get em, tiger!
So you were telling me that they’re either going to print more money, like every other nation is doing right now or alternatively they’re going to cause an economic collapse in one of the largest and most powerful countries in the world. We all know they are going to print more money
No doubt the CCP will backstop losses of the common people. They’ve been on a massive train trying to push anti-corporate/“look at how we’re about the common man!” agenda recently. They’re dancing the fine line of “we’re definitely not bailing Evergrande out” and “but we’re going to make sure people aren’t harmed”.
A lot of people are going to be on the losing end, I wonder where all the money they borrowed went? Audit the shareholders current assets…low key I hope the people get their money back
Not everyone in a million-dollar home is a billionaire. Many sell the $500,000 home they paid off over 30 years and used the sale as a down payment. Have empathy for people. This is sad no matter what your paycheck is.
Seems like an odd result. Accused of irregularities and shut down the report. Wouldn’t it be better to fix the report?
In China you don’t own land you simply rent it from the government
NGOs being unduly influenced to support propaganda efforts?! Shocking.
A bailout will be inevitably disguised to match the double speak. They won’t “bail out” the company, they’ll “nationalize certain domestic entities of strategic interest”.
&gt how are they going to stave off collapseWith a backstop from the CCP. $100bn in liabilities on the b/s would be negligible to bail out for a country rocking $4tn in fx reserves. I’m sure this would come at the price of nationalization so the rest of the equity analysis is kinda thrown out there. But I don’t anticipate a wholesale collapse of China’s credit markets to be triggered here.
I mean, there are probably loads of people who just select the "rollover CD into X bucket at whatever the best available rate when it matures."  So, those people are just getting hosed I guess.
Surprised they don’t just not offer CDs.
Honestly I could make more on lottery tickets than go with USAA
At this point, I think everyone knows Evergrande is gonna default, unless China backtracks on not bailing out the company. Right now it’s a question of will this have a domino effect or infect any other companies/the economy. If China can reign in the consequences of Evergrande’s collapse, then they are most likely fine in the long run from this specific problem. In theory, it should be way easier to navigate and contain Evergrande than what happened in 2008 in the US, but who knows.
&gtI am going with analysts consensus for revenue growth and operating   margins and am assuming that the company will find a way to stave off   collapseoperating margins require operating right?operating requires capital right?capital requires credit or reserves right?...how are they going to stave off collapse?
Just don't sell more than $5,000,000 in one year.
Lol I guess lots of people are netting over 5 million a year so would be affected by this…
For annual capital gains of over $5 million. The non-story is, capital gains to still retain better treatment than income earnings. Marginal rates are not effective rates. More articles aimed at attacking taxes on only the highest annual earners by making it sound like it’s going to impact a majority of the country.
For sure. My work place take a year to train someone. Then they will proceed to work another 2 to 3 months and find better paying jobs in the field... I wish these idiots would pay people more so they stay.
More often than not, employers underestimate the cost of training new hires.
I agree with your first paragraph, however by routing retail order flow off-exchange it's effectively widening spreads for everyone. For the same reason that Citadel makes money making markets to these orders, market participants would compete and lower lit spreads to get these orders -- improving overall market liquidity. I don't think we should get rid of PFOF, but it is something that should be studied imo. Is a lot more interesting than the stupid tick pilot.
They focused on PFOF because the money managers are loosing billions due to it, not because they give any fucks about retail investors, they desperately want to see $9.99 commissions back so you have no other choice but to go thru a big mutual fund unless you have millions and have a personal investment manager.
Surprised you aren't downvoted. Whenever I dare suggest PFOF isn't the literal devil I get instacancelled
There is such a bad narrative and so much misinformation around this issue. PFOF sounds nefarious so many people assume the issue is some kind of informational advantage that is being used against the retail traders via access to their order book. That could not be further from the truth. The very reason why retail orders are valuable enough to pay for is because they contain so little information. With a large enough book of aggregated retail trades, market makers are guaranteed to make a bid/offer spread since the orders are so close to random. The issue that Gensler and the SEC are worried about is that by routing so many orders to places other than the exchange, it reduces the amount of "lit" trades that are observable by everyone and therefore has negative impacts on price discovery. At some level this is intellectually dishonest. If retail trades are actually random, then their contribution to price discovery would simply to be to add noise around the actual price if they were routed to the exchange. On the other hand, if they actually contain meaningful information about the price, then market makers like Citadel would lose money under the current PFOF paradigm.
Their track record does not exactly inspire confidence.
Stop putting words in people's mouths.
Except when those order flows are used against the retail investor.
It’s amazing how they’ve controlled and shifted the narrative to PFOF. What happened to illegal naked shorting?
Sorry to interrupt your rant, but no one here made any comments about what you are ranting about....but please carry on...
I really would like him to go after their use of dark pools and a lot of their other conflicts of interest.  That’s not to say that PFOF is anything good.
Thx bill
Thanks captain obvious but payment for order flow is part of the system though. We'll see how things pan out.
Is this a finance sub or are we going to complain about how they need to pay their employees more? MSFT Salaries are so far beyond median income it’s not funny.
“They litigate to regulate”-mcuban
Most employees get 10-40% stock bonus per year. So if the stock goes up 5% on this news, that's a good amount more than a couple grand one-off cash bonus.
In the end, we know that nothing will happen because the SEC is around to protect the status quo and the banking system.
It means there are more open jobs than qualified employees, which gives the employee the upper hand / means they have to get paid more as companies compete for a scarce commodity (qualified workers.)
And companies compete against each other to gain employees by increasing salaries and benefits. And if you don't like any of the offers, you're free to start your own business. Try starting a Microsoft competitor by offering minimum wage to all your employees and see how far you get.
Best employee market in 10+ years. Welcome to capitalism.
Sell off some of your stock.
MSFT give employees stock. If it goes up, which it will, employees will make more this way that a mere cash bonus.
Companies are not beholden to employees. They’re beholden to shareholders. Welcome to Capitalism.
….instead of paying out bonuses with our excess free cash flow…. I know this is an elementary take, but I just can’t get behind this move from an employee standpoint in a company doing the same thing.
There's your real inflation that most people feel.
“Microsoft Corp said on Tuesday its board had authorized a new share buyback program of up to $60 billion, while also raising the quarterly dividend by 11%.The new dividend of $0.62 per share is an increase of 6 cents over the previous quarter’s dividend.”
Yep inflation more than my raise plus it cost more to drive to work everyday. So I am working just as hard but going backwards.
Welp the pay raise i just got cut in half
But the CPI doesn't include the increased cost of real estate, rent, or health care. Which have been increasing rapidly. And those are the major costs in ordinary people's lives.I think it's likely that, for decades, the CPI has underestimated the inflation experienced by ordinary Americans.
Rises 5.3 percent in a year isn't easing.
Unpopular opinion: No!Everyone thinks its as easy as saying yes, CPI is 5.3% so it's like taking a pay cut.However, its not as easy as that. You are taking a 'pay cut', a fairly large one, but probably not 5.3%. CPI is mainly measured on things that people most commonly use (be aware that it doesn't include mortgage rates etc funnily enough), like food, car purchases, petrol purchases etc, all weighed in.It'll have a large impact on food of course. But there things diverge. One of the biggest factors on CPI was second hand cars. You don't go around buying second hand cars every day, least in a pandemic, so probably didn't affect you. Petrol costs which have soared 30%+ and had a *massive* impact - electric car, no cost so that part doesn't count.&amp#x200BAlso, CPI isn't counting the **deflation** seen in electrical goods, or discounting the deflation seeen there as it mostly accounts for food and petrol. So you are taking a 'pay cut' but not such a large one.
My employer past a shitty  COA raise once a year I better see something higher than 3% or I’m going to start asking questions.
It's not like it's a big secret that the poor are most strongly affected by rising cost of living, policymakers are definitely aware of it.
Really puts in perspective when you think of so many people that lost their jobs, furloughed, or just earned less last year from COVID.
More like 10% since the CPI is adjusted heavily (OER, quality adj), PPI is 7% this year so far annualized 10.5%
yeah but when the CPI informs fiscal policy and there's a disparity in how different social strata are affected, especially when the lower strata are worse off as they always are, it can become problematic.
If you swap jobs they can. I’m in the middle of leaving my current place cause their raise this year was 1% lol
The dollar amount has gone up, the purchasing power of those dollars has not.  Distinction without difference.[https://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2018/08/07/for-most-us-workers-real-wages-have-barely-budged-for-decades/](https://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2018/08/07/for-most-us-workers-real-wages-have-barely-budged-for-decades/)
We’re experiencing more wage compression rn than we have since the 1990s This sub got colonized by r/economics Shame
The purpose of the CPI is to look at the change in cost of a basket of consumer goods and services. You are free to focus specifically on the grocery component but when we are talking about inflation we are looking more broadly at the cost of many different things.
Inflation figures aren’t designed to be a welfare metric, and laypeople should stop treating them as such
so it evens out for the people who can afford airline fares and hotels but not for the people who just need to eat? yet the fed says everything's fine, sounds about normal to me
Ah yes inflation constantly increasing yoy while salaries are as stagnant as ever. Fun game we’re playing.
The article says that airline fares and hotels have become cheaper, so this somewhat offsets the large increase in grocery prices and other things. Which is how they arrive at an overall inflation number of 5.3% even though groceries specifically have increased by more than that.
No, they say that inflation is within manageable levels. This seems to agree with them.
Yes
So is it accurate to say that this is like taking a 5.3% pay cut from the previous year?
You're correct, Lehman's market cap was 60 billion.
You’re talking about a country who goes in an deletes social media posts on your behalf so that your friends can’t see them but you still see it so you believe your post actually went through.They’re “allowing” then to protest on this, it means it plays into the CCP’s socio-political strategy.
I thought Lehman was $600 Billion. Quite a difference.
Always best to have control of the pressure release valve
Not entirely related but I hope this protest leads something bigger like China being destabilized and the end of the CCP.
&gtHundreds of people in recent months have also protested on an online forum set up by the People’s Daily, the official newspaper of the Chinese Communist party, seeking government help.Most surprising statement from that article.
Damn source??
&gtYeah Blackrock is supposedly exposed to Evergrande bonds big time…Blackrock last month: *"It's time to triple-down on China, it's never been a better time to invest in the PRC!"*
China can inject liquidity into Evergrande in RMB, giving it enough time to sell assets. This injection can be much less than $300B.China has tools the US does not. Most Evergrande debt is held by Chinese banks. It can force them to take a haircut without destabilizing their banking system.Second, even if Evergrande goes under the changes in banking regulations since 2008 means that no single bank should have excessive exposure to one entity. If Evergrande goes under, then JP Morgan wont directly take too big a hit. If China Minsheng goes under, then JP Morgan's exposure to them is also limited. The only way this becomes a financial crisis is if the entire Chinese banking system has excessive exposure. That's why China is conducting stress tests.
Yeah Blackrock is supposedly exposed to Evergrande bonds big time…
Their debt is denominated in dollars. The Chinese state can’t just moneyprint them out of it. It has to either use its foreign reserves, or borrow from markets.
300 billion is no joke. World is much more connected than it was in 2008
US Citizens and companies “only” hold about $7 Billion of the 300 Billion pile so I doubt the effects will be felt as bad and as fast as you think, but lower economic activity due to a crisis is sure to impact the US as well. I’d say it’ll take 4-6 months for the effects to really be felt if the Chinese government doesn’t bail them out. Most of the damage will be done to Chinese house buyers who went into debt to pay for a down payment on a house they will never receive. Sucks to be them rn
I think they are all sitting in the same room right now along with Banks all over the world on conference call, figuring out what they are all going to do....which is realizing there is not much they can do except find the last parachute before someone else does. Shit's gonna hit the fan.
Lehman Brothers was $60 Billion.Evergrande is $300 Billion.I think the ripple effect will hit U.S. soil in less than a week.
&gt In line with industry practice, the group pre-sells properties prior to their completion – as a result, banks providing financing to end purchasers require China Evergrande to guarantee their customers’ mortgage loans. If a purchaser defaults on a mortgage loan, the group may have to repurchase the underlying property by paying off the mortgageThat sounds insane to me. Off-plan properties in the UK are mostly unheard of, but are seen as quite risky. But this quote makes it out like they're normal in China?
I dont think we need to worry. Financial contagion should be limited to Chinas financial system and wont spread to the world.Also, China is likely to bail them out (after firing the executives and possibly executing them on charges of corruption as happened with other companies).
How likely is it that this affects the rest of the market (especially outside China)?
And so it begins Tips hat to Atobitt
The house of cards is looking shaky
Commas dude
This is not good.
If only the EC focused on core integration ideas instead of acting like self-imposed police, there would be far less euroscepticism
As a member of the rest of the country, I can verify this.
Paywall.But I'll sum it up for everyone. It's only a recovery for the 0.1% and the companies they own, the rest of the country is still in terrible shape.
Can’t regulate my wanking addiction.
Jesus Christ that’s so sad.
I mean, chances are they don’t *as much*. But their ability to spend is much, much higherBut if you make $5 mil a year, a pop up for $50 doesn’t have the same hit as someone that makes $50k.
There’s a reason that some of these games look and feel like Vegas.
Indeed, especially when one is forced to realize gambling addiction is *very real* in mobile gaming. Heck, almost more so then casinos since its always available.In my experience (anecdotal) the person's getting hooked on mobile games (Pokemon Go! Candy Crush etc) is people 50+ who never played games before. Both ones with low and high income, spending more then they rewlly can afford.
“””reveals””” There were articles about the problem with whales a decade ago in the mobile gaming industry
as a former mgmt consultant, i agree. everything is 80/20 and a 2x2. and that will be $3m.
I always figured millionaires didn’t play mobile games because they have rich people things to do. But now I realize that they are people too.
Everything is the 80-20 rule
*cough* Roblox *cough*
So... addiction. Got it. Important, shocking news.
Wait, are people just learning what whales are for the first time?
People who spend big money on in game transactions
Ah, the mythical whales. People love to think it's someone making 15M$ a year that doesn't give a shit, makes them feel better than thinking it's a median income rando pissing away his entire disposable income to impress strangers on the internet.
I like how cnbc pulls the focus away from the actual ruling. This article is so badly/intentionally written.
Isn’t it a known thing that all these micro transactions, skins, and loot boxes are targeted at whales? So these numbers reaffirm that.On a side note, it’s always cool to see the Pareto effect in action. 70-10 in this instance, but that’s practically the 80-20 rule.
“App Store revenue is made up almost entirely of users playing games, according to a court ruling released Friday that concluded Epic Games failed to prove Apple is a monopolist.According to the ruling, gaming apps account for approximately 70% of all App Store revenue. That 70% is generated by less than 10% of all App Store users, the court said. By contrast, more than 80% of all accounts generate virtually no revenue, as 80% of all apps on the App Store are free, according to the document.As of January, there were 1 billion active iPhones and 1.65 billion Apple devices in use around the globe.”
The experts have predicted 100 of the last 3 market crashes.
And just like that, my hatred of log scales evaporates. Thank you! This is the ELI5 that I’ve needed for years to understand that.
It always pisses me off so much when I see advertisements for The Motley Fool for exactly this reason.Their ads are all "if you picked our Amazon stock pick in 1997, you'd have made 8000% profit" and I'm like "yeah now tell us about the hundreds of stocks you "pick" a day that turned out to be a pump and dump scheme.  Tell us about the times your "picks" bankrupted people who trusted you for "advice."
Im just going to start downvoting all these doom and gloom posts.Its everywhere on reddit.
Prediction number 1,472,162 since 2011 that the market is going to crash hard.
Thank you friend 🙏
You generally always want to look at exponential growth on a log scale otherwise over a long enough time the graph will just look like it went vertical upwards even if the growth rate is like 2 percent.The only reason you’d look at a linear graph is if you’re trying to skew people’s perception of  how much the growth was.
Log scale is the shit. It puts the stock price in percentage view instead of dollar view, so you can make better comparisons. Basically, it normalizes the view. Let's say you are deciding between two stocks. One has risen from $4 to $5. Another has risen from $9 to $10. Log view show that while both rose $1, the first rose 25% and the second rose 11%.It also normalizes same stock changes. A price change from $5 to $10 appears the same as a price change from $20 to $40. Both changes doubled the price, but the dollar view makes the latter seem like a larger jump.You need to get in the mindset of percentages. You are looking for percentage gains over time, so why wouldn't you use a percentage (log) view?Happy trading!
We just increased the money supply by 30 percent and spent more on Covid than we did on the Great Recession. I don’t think that’s true anymore
Serious quetion: what is the rationale behind viewing the charts on a logarithmic scale? Are there examples of stocks / indexes that have maintained parabolic price growth in the medium/long term?
"Everything is going to hell"/"The upcoming hidden bull rush" articles hoping to score the inevitable coincidental correct prediction. The writers know that a few inevitable coincidental predictions are all that are needed to make a financial guru.
To be fair, Covid has been a boon for tech companies.
Sounds like it's time to queue the next stimulus.
lol. again with these stories.
Looking at the gains for the nasdaq index its already going parabolic in a full on bubble style. It does however not look as bad when viewing on a log scale but tapering and inflation might make ground for some downturns in the market
Except we do need fire. We don’t want to put it out. So your analogy sucks and you will have hard time accepting that. Sorry bro.
Don’t know why you’re getting downvoted, what you’re saying is historically accurate.
Last two crisis? Are you referring to the pandemic &amp 08? Because 08 began in the credit markets. The pandemic began in real economic activity (people weren't laid off in 2020 due to equity prices, it was due to shutdowns and real economic activity).You're confusing causality and correlation here. Equities reflect activities that happen elsewhere. Equities are rarely the cause of activities that happen elsewhere.
Yes and also no, whirl true you're using a big number to make it scarier. The inflation may be at 3% now because it was *lower* last year due to covid, nothing odd. As countries open up and people start getting back to normal life the economy starts moving, it'll settle down soon enough.And as for inflation 3% isn't so bad, neither is 4%. Not great, not terrible. We've had it and survived it, 2% is supposed to be a dream goal not a set reality without change.
I'm ready for some concrete evidence that the system is unhealthy, other than broad-stroke chart lines.For instance, in 2007 we had a plethora of predatory lending making money hand-over-fist by stealing realty equity from the least financially-educated citizens in the country, synthetically pushing property prices up, and leaving them in loans that were impossible to pay back. Those loans were being repackaged as high quality debt and stuffed into working class 401k that had no idea what they were being asked to buy by their hedge fund managers.I wasn't versed in finance then (recent out of college), but even then I could tell you about the first part of that at the time. I remember early 2008 having a conversation with a guy that looked like he'd struggle to land a job at McDonalds, talking about how he bought what he called "a mansion" by inventing a salary at the time of the loan and nobody checked. He never once made a mortgage payment, his plan was to enjoy the life for 6 months until he got kicked out. Who knows how long he was able to live there for free with the delayed foreclosures.I also knew a loan officer selling refinance making 20k/m by cold calling low class neighborhoods using a database that only had black people in it. Their job was to offer them "cash" by refinancing to take out the equity in their homes (and pay fees and commissions to do it), and many of these targets did not put it together that the equity they were taking out was their own money. The loan officer would inflate the property price and fish around among the worst loan offenders because some of these banks would give a loan to literally anyone as long as the terms were absolutely horrendous on the recipient. So, people that were on track with their home payments for years, were being targeted by charismatic sellers telling them of easy money with a painless refinance, and leaving them with less equity and a poisoned loan that was impossible to pay back. And that was before prices collapsed and put everyone underwater on top of it.&amp#x200B**If we want to talk about today being like 2008,**Show me that smoking gun today. I want to see it. I don't want to hear about Burry's "index bubble" theoretical non sequitur. If something is on fire somewhere, there should be smoke somewhere. Someone point to the smoke, and let's discuss it.
Stock market is all about speculation. US' economy runs around the stock market.All economies around the globe are dependent on the dollar (as reserve currency).So, yeah, speculation. Derivatives aren't reported anymore until 2023, which is the biggest money market. 2008 was all about derivatives.
The role of central banks isn't to add rocket-fuel to the stock market... it was supposed to relieve the burden of toxic assets on banks and other financial institutions to increase liquidity. However since almost all of that liquidity has gone into dividend payments and share-buy-backs and hasn't really "trickled down", it's about time this investor welfare stopped.
When it's 50% higher than the target (2%).
Since 2% is the goal, so it’s 50% above plan. That’s a lot.
since when is 3% inflation surging.
This article has little in the way of concrete evidence and a lot in the way of idle speculation and hyperbole.
When the printer can't brrrr fast enough
Fidelity likely internalizes its own order flow. Brokers sell order flow to wholesalers who then internalize (typically on what one would call a dark pool). Internalizers make money on the spread (i.e. buy at the bid, sell at the offer), which allows brokers who internalize to still offer commission free trades. If PFOF is banned, then we'd probably see more brokers internalize their order flow rather than send to exchanges. If internalization were banned, then really the only option would be to route orders to exchanges, but that would almost necessitate the return of commissions for trades (as well as other mechanisms like rebates for round lot trades) as it would be the only other way for brokers to make money, other than things like net interest income (which is highly dependent on things like the yield curve), margin expenses (if they offer it), etc.As an additional note, not all brokers internalize their order flow because: (1) it leads to balance sheet expansion and risk as they have to hold more inventory in order to internalize efficiently and (2) wholesalers are specialists at internalization so retail will likely get better fills with wholesalers than brokers.
I've made 100's of trades with Robinhood in 6 months and it's amounted to \~$4 of lost value.If I was paying $1/trade I'd be out over $100 easily rn.
I won't pretend to fully understand this, but, from the article:&gtBrokers such as Fidelity are able to offer commission-free trades without resorting to PFOF. How does that work, then?
Canada here too 🇨🇦 and yeah absolutely. If this was such a decent practice why is it outlawed in multiple developed countries. I truly hope Gary G pulls the trigger and outright bans PFOF
Canada and the UK both made PFOF illegal so are they a cult too? I pay less than a dollar a trade here in Canada with IBKR.
This sub is increasingly becoming another outlet for the mob meme stock traders of wsb, superstonk, or whatever new sub they're in now. The amount of misinformation has increased and the majority of people seem to have such a black and white view of topics (e.g. PFOF is good or PFOF is bad) which just screams having a very shallow understanding of the topic being discussed. PFOF for the vast majority of retail investors makes trading cheaper. Unless you're trading size in your PA, you're certainly saving more on the small price discrepancy some HFT is making off your odd lot of shares than the old flat 5-10 dollar per trade model. At the same time, I realize that with current best execution rules, the money is made when the HFT that the trades are being routed to offer better than NBBO... which is incredibly common. Plenty of places publish at least some form of rudimentary data on how often they have "price improvement" (which has it's own issues, the rules around what constitutes price improvement aren't great - once again nothing is black/white) like [here](https://www.schwab.com/execution-quality/quality-statistics) and the numbers are staggering. There's improvement like 99+% of the time on SPX names which simply suggests there's tons of hidden liquidity in the dark pools. This leads to the question of why isn't there a greater push of adding more clarity and adding more enforcement behind what can be consider NBBO and how much liquidity can be hidden away to be accessed by HFTs. While connected, I think this can be a better way of dealing with the PFOF issues at hand instead of targeting something that seems to benefit the small guy for once.
Citadel has obligations to trade at NBBO and send it to the general market in a timely manner, does it really matter if it's Citadel, SocGen or IBKR executing at NBBO in a dark pool?
why people on reddit care about their orderflow being sold i will never understand. Like 90% of these people have at most a 10k account, MMs don’t give a shit about your $200 positions
Whoever started the "PFOF is evil" trope is genius. There is no credible argument against payment for order flow it does not harm retail traders in any meaningful way. But it is an excellent distraction from all the other things in the financial world that people could legitimately be upset about.
&gt	Payment for order flow really doesn’t hurt traders as much as the GME cult wants to believe it does.Source?
Interactive Brokers lets you route your orders however you want.
Sounds to me  that it does. If let’s say Robinhood only goes to its daddy citadel for instance and only that company I doubt we get the best price. It needs to be shopped around not exclusively to one company.
&gt And, the exchange where they send your order may not offer you the best available price.This is incorrect. The broker is required by law to route to the best publicly available quote, and can only decide to route between equal public quotes. If the HFT knows the order is a small retail trader, it’s more willing to execute at an even better, unlit quote between the lit bid-ask spread. These unlit quotes must be better than the lit quotes. The controversy is that these unlit executions are opaque and it’s not clear (and also very difficult to measure) that the HFT paying for the order is offering the best price improvement over the lit quotes.
Bernie Madoff ran a legitimate broker/dealer called Madoff Securities before he started managing people’s money. His legitimate business helped bolster the perception of his illegitimate asset management business.
You’re not. Brokers still have to practice best order routing. Source: am broker.
Yeah, this is just going to result in bringing back commissions. Payment for order flow really doesn’t hurt traders as much as the GME cult wants to believe it does.
Do your homework[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernie\_Madoff#Career](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernie_Madoff#Career)&gt*Madoff was "the first prominent practitioner" of payment for order flow, in which a dealer pays a broker for the right to execute a customer's order. This has been called a "legal kickback".*[https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/paymentoforderflow.asp](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/paymentoforderflow.asp) &gt*Ironically, payment for order flow is a practice pioneered by Bernard Madoff — the same Madoff of Ponzi scheme notoriety.*
If you do less than 500 shares per trade, it’s guaranteed to be cheaper to go through a commission free broker executing through an HFT compared to paying $5 per trade. This is assuming that the HFT is earning a whole penny per trade, which is a ridiculously high estimate.
lawmakers are some of the most retarded people when it comes to specialized shit.
What a silly slogan.
Best execution does apply, and it’s based off of lit quotes. If a stock is quoted at 100.00-100.03, best execution means buying at 100.03 or selling at 100.00. This is the price that large, sophisticated and informed institutional traders have to pay.Robinhood users tend to make uninformed and small trades, so an HFT may be able to do 100.01-100.02 for such trades, reliably profiting from the .01 spread, and beating best execution standards (this is what’s happening when you see “price improvement” in your execution). The HFT may pay a part of that .01 back to Robinhood for directing the trade to them.
Bernie Madoff didn’t come out of the womb running a ponzi scheme
He invented PFOF
Matt Levine makes a strong argument that PFOF is net beneficial for retail traders here - https://www.bloomberg.com/opinion/articles/2021-02-05/robinhood-gamestop-saga-pressures-payment-for-order-flow
I'm so looking forward to paying $12 trade fees again. SEC trying to curb retail is the real motivation.
Is there no one on the sub that works in industry anymore? Only deranged retail investors? The literature has been clear since 2016 that what you are proposing is simply misinformation. [Read this paper from an actual market microstructure expert Robert Battalio](https://doi.org/10.1017/S0022109016000582) instead of another seeking alpha post.
Or, here's an idea, those of us who care can use a different broker. Wow! Problem solved! Whoopee!
Why don't you just use a broker that uses a fee-based model (there are many!) instead of complaining that most retail investors prefer zero fee platforms?
He basically created it
Robinhood: “What are you doing!?”SEC: “I’m burying you”Robinhood: “But I’m alive!”SEC: “You’re waking the neighbours, Shut up!”
Hey yeah! Let's go back to paying commissions on trades! That was way better.
Nobody seems to have noticed this is a "plan" by the financial services lobby group. The Government has not yet committed to this plan, and given it asks to radically shrink taxes, never will.
You think people that make the policies should be able to trade stocks? Analysts at investment banks have stricter regulations and could face prison time for trading stocks of companies they cover. I don’t care if he’s entrepreneurial
Because the people who make the laws are the ones who benefit the most from it?
Dan Kershaw. Its almost [it is] comedic. I guess he’s more of an Austin Powers villain.
Rigged game, how is it even legal? Same should go for any elected members of federal, state congresses.
Definition of a "can't lose gig." It's kind of like having free unlimited keg privileges at the local tavern.  Wonder how i could get in on a can't lose gig like that!   Good thing Wall Street is NOT corrupt! NOT.
Do more QE and trade stocks on the side, totally unrelated of course, got it.
Has anyone ever looked more like a Bond villain than this guy?
What do you mean by "this"? All the above?
In what ways do they restrict compensation, out of curiosity? Is it just internal corporate policies? Weird tax rules on bonuses? Broadly Exorbitant income taxes? Would love to read up on it if you have a source.
Step 3: Repeat Step 2 ad infinitum
The UK is currently negotiating trade deals with war-torn countries like Ethiopia to manufacture their goods mainly because those are the only countries they have any real leverage with.  How a mighty empire has fallen.
London still gets a third of all European funding into Fintech [source](https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/london-fintech-funding-soars-first-half-year-2021-07-07/) so clearly someone is.
So when the market crashes it will be retails fault...got it
Step 2: Don't leave the EU
Step 1: don’t restrict compensation and create rules that make retaining talent relative to the US difficult
Five Year Plan? Mao approves
How to prepare to say "It's all retails fault" when the market crashes...
We are still in a global pandemic. There is a high likelihood that this trend is transitory and will reverse. If anything it will be good to see the market rate psf for office space decline.
Ran the numbers..  fed is buying assets at the rate of 150m and hour 24/7/365.  I doubt retail cash flows could even touch that.As risky as this house of cards is getting, what did they expect, they have taken every other option off the table.
Step 1: Join the EU
glad we could bring a bit of culture back to the UK after so long.
What information are you basing this on?
What? The city’s population is literally growing. How are you gonna say something is collapsing when the city is growing. NYC is a social, cultural, political, educational and economic powerhouse in every sense of the word. If you think NYC is collapsing either you don’t know shit about NYC or you are watching to much fox news.
[you wish](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/08/12/us/new-york-city-population-growth.html)
Well actually no necessarily, they cut off EU but the plan seems to be harsh deregulation in hopes of attracting everyone else in the world.It's technically working, if you ignore how it's destroying everything else for the people living in England.
Surely you mean Frankfurt? Why would anyone start anything financial in London with Brexit?"Man cuts off his own leg, starts training to take the gold medal in the Olympics"
Dubious that JPM doesn’t mention the inflows of eight trillion on the Fed’s balance sheet, supporting the repo and reverse repo market, supporting the junk bond market, buying MBS’s, buying unlimited t-bills, nationalizing the housing industry, providing corporate socialism to the airlines, banks, autos, et cetera, as the main catalyst of supporting the equity market. Novel idea … remove eight trillion from the balance sheet and raise rates to five percent. Would give us true price discovery.
The article is behind a paywall so apologies for any repetition but it does point out that the definition needs to be clarified from JPM. However, I would expect that these flows are outside of standard Pensions contributions (there is of course a whole other argument of the effect of flows from pensions into indexes on the market). I wrote a little more detail and included a second FT article link in my post [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/StockMarket/comments/pjjzjm/jpm_retail_inflows_are_supporting_the_equity/) (this sub didn't allow text posts so characters were limited).
Isn’t this normal? What does retail really mean here? If I save for my pension on a regular basis, is that retail? In my view, the whole equity market is supported by the inflows from pension savings…? (besides QE, which is the real problem)
Isn’t productivity a function of several variables, only one of them being labor?
Truth
Media 101
Still plenty of other jobs. Cruise/tourism has been a recovering industry for 18 months. You can't expect to have your hand be held. If I know an industry is decaying, it's up to me to look elsewhere. Again, it's not going to be easy but at what point do we just look at it from a responsibility standpoint rather than as the government being the sole provider? You have a choice, at the end of the day, to dictate how much you want to get paid. Don't want to work for someone else? It's 2021. People on TikTok, OnlyFans, whatever, earn insane money. There's something for everyone whether self-employed or if you want to develop a skill to do so. I know someone who was laid off and decided to become a handyman on some website where people pay you to do common stuff such as affixing a TV into a wall mount or installing a kitchen faucet... Some jobs are $100 per task. He had no idea how to do any of these things but just learned from YouTube. Again, not everyone will have the same experience and some pick up on things quicker than others but you can't really just sit idle waiting for the world to change to fit your circumstances.
The jobs market also took much longer to come back
The 35 million is the number of people living in households receiving unemployment. It’s a headline grabber they’re using to try to make the problem seem worse than it is. It’s misleading AF.
All people stop working at 65?TIL
It's been over 18 months. if you're still unemployed, it's most likely because you want to be. Do you want these benefits to be indefinite or something?
Raising the minimum wage in line with productivity is not inherently fair.  Increased productivity is not mostly because people work harder. It is because of advances in tools like computers and software.  If you give unskilled workers all of the raise in productivity, then they are basically getting ALL of the benefit, and most of it is not the workers doing, especially unskilled workers earning minimum wage.  I am totally ok with raising minimum wage by the increase in cost of living though.  That has not even happened.
Discouraged workers
Record amount of available jobs out there. Anyone who doesn’t have a job by now, doesn’t want one.
What a strange shitshow this sub has turned into in the past 5 years.
On Labor Day. So American it fucking hurts
You’re not trying hard enough if you can’t find a job right now.
[deleted]
I'm betting those $15 an hour, unskilled labor jobs start disappearing pretty rapidly, once these people all rush for them at the same time.
If *all* wages had risen according in the past 30 years then it wouldn’t be an issue of “we can’t raise the minimum wage because then we’d have to raise everyone else’s wages.” Almost everyone is making less than they should.
Once they’re out of the workforce for a period in time (I can’t remember the duration) they won’t count them as “unemployed” in the unemployment reporting, even though they’re unemployed. Makes the monthly reporting seem like it’s positive, but in reality it’s not…
I’ve seen fast food places in my area paying $21/hr.  Most other industries I know have openings as well and are paying better than ever. So not quite your bullshit narrative.
That's some pretty harsh judgement off of a three sentence description, lol
Good, get back to work people
You doubt it? Go speak to a manufacturer. I work for one and we're having daily conversations about how to increase hiring. Our direct manufacturing group has been 80% staffed all year across 2 different manufacturing sites in the US. We've provided retention bonuses, sign-on bonuses, increased wages and other incentives. We're in a medical field that has seen a massive increase in demand since COVID and our people can barely keep up. We have no skill, low-skill and skilled labor positions begging to be filled and we can't find anyone. We're hearing the hiring ads in our regions for companies with similar types of roles having the same issues. We've spoken to other companies, temp labor firms, 3rd party outsourcing companies and its the exact same story across the board and its all directly attributable to the current unemployment benefits. I have friends in other manufacturing companies directly telling me the same thing.
I am an engineer that installs automation equipment for my company. If the minimum wage were tripled, I would be able to justify significantly more automation so that we could further reduce our reliance on labor. Increasing the minimum wage will not help the employment situation. The solution is universal basic income pegged to the poverty level.
He's mid 60s and had enough banked that he was working because he wanted to not because he had to. Covid was just a sign for him that he's an old dog that doesn't want to learn new tricks.
No I'm blinded by all the "now hiring" signs and several job offers I've received while working
I'll say that, long-term, we are all better off financially if wages go up. People are essentially holding out due to fear of the pandemic and exhaustion with wages that don't keep up with the times.Ideally, our approach to improving the situation would be to push towards increasing wages. We don't need the billionaire class stashing more money in a bank account they'll never get around to using. We do need [workers increasing their purchasing power.](https://www.pewresearch.org/social-trends/2020/01/09/trends-in-income-and-wealth-inequality/)The avg American family today has \~24% less wealth than 20 years ago. This is not just because times are harder, in great measure it's because the wealth has shifted to accumulate [towards the richest 16k families](https://review.chicagobooth.edu/economics/2017/article/never-mind-1-percent-lets-talk-about-001-percent).I'm not against people making money, but we are talking about how to run a society. The likes of Amazon's ability to [duck paying taxes](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/02/04/amazon-had-to-pay-federal-income-taxes-for-the-first-time-since-2016.html) for decades has had a massive toll on society. We continuously ask the middle class to bear the weight of tax cuts and leniency for corporations, getting the military industrial complex paid, and carrying the debt for our perma deficit. Meanwhile, wages are stagnant, the middle class wealth keeps dropping, and programs get slashed. Millennials spent the first half of their lives [thinking they could never afford a home or to start a family](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2020/05/27/millennial-recession-covid/).IMO, part of being sensible about cutting back these unemployment benefits should have included more efforts to push wages up. It's irresponsible to cut one and not do anything for the other. Biden signed some executive orders to raise gov wages, but nothing has been done to incentivize the private sector.So now the plan is to make people desperate and hungry enough to work for inferior circumstances vs other first world nations. Not a proud move, from a nation that has plenty of wealth to go around, but most of it stashed in fat pockets, or left in Afghanistan.
I thought there were only 9 million unemployed 🤔
They should have gotten the vaccine and went back to work
And only 10 mil need it
The catch is that it takes a lot of time to get there. Doctors can make hundreds an hour later on in their career just taking on simple cases,, but the catch is they had to study for 8+ years and also do an internship and residency. A low skill job, you can start with nothing. The job will even pay to train you.
A large and affluent middle class is the cornerstone of the American dream. A dream in which anyone with a high school diploma and hard work should easily afford a nice house in the suburbs, 2 cars and a nice vacation with the family to a cool place once a year. Americans assume that this is the way the universe should work. That things were always like this, and that Americans have the "God given right" of the American dream.    However, this reality of a exceptionally wealthy and prosperous middle class by global standards is a by product of a very unique and relatively recent set of historical circumstances, specifically, the end of World war II. At the end of the second world war, the US was the only major industrial power left with its industry and infrastructure unscathed. This gave the US a dramatic economic advantage over the rest of the world, as all other nations had to buy pretty much everything they needed from the US, and use their cheap natural resources as a form of payment.    After the end of world War II, pretty anywhere in the world, if you needed tools, machines, vehicles, capital goods, aircraft, etc...you had little choice but to "buy American". So money flowed from all over the world into American businesses.    But the the owners of those businesses had to negotiate labor deals with the American relatively small and highly skilled workforce. And since the owners of capital had no one else they could hire to men the factories, many concessions had to be given to the labor unions. This allowed for the phenomenal growth and prosperity of the US middle class we saw in the 50s and 60s: White picket fence houses in the suburbs, with 2 large family cars parked in front was the norm for anyone who worked hard in the many factories and businesses that dotted the American landscape back then.    However, over time, the other industrial powers rebuild themselves and started to compete with the US. German and Japanese cars, Belgian and British steel, Dutch electronics and French tools started to enter the world market and compete with American companies for market share.Not only that, but countries like Brazil, South Africa, India, China, Mexico, Thailand, Turkey, South Korea and more also became industrialized. This meant that they were no longer selling their natural resources cheaply in exchange for US made industrial goods. Quite the contrary, they themselves started to bid against the US for natural resources to fuel their own industries. And more importantly, the US work force no longer was the only one qualified to work on modern factories and to have proficiency over modern industrial processes. An Australian airline needs a new commercial jet? [Brazilian EMBRAER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-3m__yRBkg) and European Airbus can offer you products as good as anything made in the US. Need power tools or a pickup truck? You can buy American, but you can also buy South Korean, Indian or Turkish.    This meant that the US middle class could no longer easily outbid pretty much everyone else for natural resources, and the owners of the capital and means of production no longer were "held hostage" by this small and highly skilled workforce. Many other countries now had an industrial base that rivals or surpasses that of the US. And they had their own middle classes that are bidding against the US middle class for those limited natural resources. And manufacturers now could engage in global wage arbitrage, by moving production to a country with cheaper labor, which killed all the bargaining power of the unions.    That is where the decline of the US middle class is coming from. There are no political solutions for it, as no one, not even Trump's protectionism or the Democrat's Unions, can put the globalization genie back into a bottle. It is the way it is. Any politician who claims to be able to restore "the good old days" is lying.    We are going back to the normal, where the US middle class is not that different from the middle classes from the rest of the world. Like a return to what middle class expectations are elsewhere, including the likes of Europe, Japan, South Korea and Malaysia. Their cars are smaller. They don't change cars as often. The whole family might share a single car. Some families don't even own a car and rely on public transportation instead. Their homes are smaller. They don't eat as much meat and their food portions are smaller.    They are not starving. They are not living like peasants. But their standard of living is lower than what we in the US have considered a "middle class" lifestyle since the end of World War II.    It is a "return to the mean" and that cannot be changed.﻿
All the federal programs are ending, so unless a state makes its own UI extension, yes.
“Willing to hire someone to lick my dogs balls. $1.50 an hour, no benefits, two minute water break once every two hours (overages will be docked from pay). If you refuse this offer, you’re lazy and a leech to society”.
The Jacobin describes itself as "a leading voice of the American left, offering socialist perspectives on politics, economics, and culture." So probably not the most objective article you're going to find on the subject.
[deleted]
Okay I’m going to explain in an economic sense why this is inaccurate. Productivity can be measured (simplified) as:&gtProductivity = labor x capital x technologySo while productivity is increasing, this actually isn’t because of labor. It’s because technology has been advancing at incredible rates. Labor has actually been decreasing in input over time as technology replaces skilled labor. Think about any job and compare it to the same job from 50 years ago and you’ll realize that people are actually doing less work now and technology is doing more of our work. That’s why technology companies have been increasing in value while wages have been stagnating. Net income actually is increasing in line with productivity, and most of it is going towards the technology where the real increases in productivity are being generated.
Wrong sub man
There was also more jobs available than workers prior to COVID, too. And many of the 650K dead were people working. And many, many more people ended up with permanent injuries that may have knocked them out of the workforce.
A concern with this is if you raise minimum wage to $26, everyone earning above minimum wage will need their wages and salaries to go up as well. Suddenly, you’ll see entry level finance jobs starting at $30-60 an hour, software engineering jobs starting at $100 an hr, and so on. The market will adjust their prices to this new average and the people making $26 an hour may end up with even less purchasing powerThe other option is to pay a mcdonalds cashier the same as an accountant. Then a lot of the higher skill workers will want to work easier jobs, leaving even less opportunity for less skilled workers
there aren’t that many workers on minimum wage. It’s more raising the minimum wage tends to lift ALL wages that were previously tethered to being a certain dollar amount above minimum wage
A huge part of an entire generation decided to retire in the last year. My parents are among them. After teaching my dad how to use zoom four different times, he decided it wasn't worth it and hung up the suit for good.
$1205 to 905 a week is hardly "losing" unemployment. 😂
About time...Jerome can't run the printer forever. Or can he?
Our company has listened and improved wages and benefits for employees and still we can’t find staff. Not all companies are predatory.
This is removing a lot of spending that would have otherwise happened in the short-term. Bearish.
I’m all for raising the minimum wage but such will not fix the problem which is that we have far too many people in this country who lack the skills for anything but minimum wages, regardless of what they might be.
I thought just the bonus was cut?Are they cutting the extensions to regular UC too?
There’s 10.7 million open jobs in the US [source](https://www.statista.com/statistics/217943/monthly-job-openings-in-the-united-states/)
More coverage at:*  [US minimum wage would be $26 an hour if it had kept pace with productivity, economist claims (msn.com)](https://www.msn.com/en-gb/money/other/us-minimum-wage-would-be-26-an-hour-if-it-had-kept-pace-with-productivity-economist-claims/ar-AAOa8Tq) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
Who's stupid enough to invest in China?
Around 15 million Americans are about to turn into cannibals
Jobs are waiting.
No thanks. CCP intervention risk has been proven to be too damn high.
After what they've done to their tech companies lol no thanks
Who the hell would invest in a country that activity hates foreigners and decides to ban entire industries on a whim?
As Gary Gensler, chairman of the SEC, noted in one of his videos recently, the problem **isn't** necessarily that they are not "audited" and/or don't follow an accounting standard, it's the fact that the auditors aren't allowed to be audited. Unlike US companies where there are investor protection laws for this issue, those "auditing" Chinese companies cannot be audited due to the CCP. He starts this talking point around the 2 minute mark:[https://twitter.com/GaryGensler/status/1427364280383442945](https://twitter.com/GaryGensler/status/1427364280383442945)&amp#x200BSo yes, essentially it is the CCP just saying "just trust me bro and put your dollaridoos in our country".
Pass
Maybe we can start calling it Chinese roulette.  Invest your money and see if the CCP steps in a squashes your market segment leaving investors as bag holders.
"Just trust me bro" accounting, where the accountant is the CCP. No thank you.
I'm good
&gt if the fed isn’t separated politicians will ravage the economyIt's horrifying how many people don't get this.
Or, the FED got us through a pandemic with an economic restart. Spent 7T, and managed to nail the inflation rate at a 5% one year charge. Jerome Powell is a badass, and you don’t have a fucking clue how the economy works. People have increased uncertainty during a pandemic. They need more cash to buffer supply chain meltdowns. But hell gold bugs are going to goldbug.
I mean they work because they are the only ones with any concern for the system. Others in elected office are only interested in political gain and not the practical of sound fiscal tax policy or sound spending. So they use their crude stimulus like nitros into an engine. Yeah it will blow the engine but without it no one is fueling things
Uh, what? Most people have accused the fed of fueling an asset price bubble...
So it actually works
Just because something has increased in the past does not mean it will continue to increase forever, this is a fundamental rule of finance. I'm not anti crypto but I also am very wary of the risk associated with investing in it and have not put anymore in it than I am 100% happy to lose.
The fact BTC can lose half its value in a few months shows that the dollar is far from dead.
Dude, if the fed isn’t separated politicians will ravage the economy. It’s happened many times throughout US history as is by presidents putting inappropriate pressure on the chairs. The vast majority of fed chairs aren’t bankers, they’re lifelong academics. Jerome Powell is the exception, and even he hasn’t done much in the private sector since the 90’s and was nominated by Obama.The consequences of making the fed political versus the consequences of it not having oversight form a clear picture: the fed should be autonomous.
TLDR: the author of this opinion piece is butthurt she didn’t get confirmed and no one wants to go back to the gold standard.
Considering that the Fed's entire existence is monetary policy aimed at max employment, I'd say they're doing a pretty solid job. Nothing more than a bottle job article.
Yea, it just shows what an idiot this person is... I guess her and Trump for nominating in the first place.  The sub-title "The Fed’s unchecked power has led to measures favoring those who live off portfolios, not paychecks," is kind of ironic because most people have accused the Fed of keeping rates so low that no one in retirement can earn a yield on a retirement/bond portfolio to live off.  It's almost the antithesis of what the Fed is really doing.
A private for profit conglomerate of banks! For the people though.
WSJ opinions are always counter to what is needed. I legit stopped reading that trash years ago.
Tbf just taxing the rich wouldnt cover the 2 trillion dollar deficit we seem run every single year, let alone an extra 3.5 trillion dollar infrastructure deal (as necessary as it is).
What a stupid opinion….
Note that this is written by Judy SheltonThe very same Shelton nominated by Trump to serve on the Federal Reserve Board and refused by the Senate
The whole point is supposed to be that the fed is separate from the government
Congress.  The same people spending trillions without taxing the rich.  Good luck with that WSJ
This is the same with PhD in math, physics, biology and chemistry. A lot of jobs in China are advertised with nice grant money and research gigs. China has a lot of money and don't know what to do with it. The issue is when the gravy train stops what will happen and how will they control the fallout.
Hardly equivalent.
You think investment bankers only work 70 hour weeks for 2 years? Oh you sweet summer child…
If WSJ Opiniom doesn't like it, it must be good.
They are hedging by buying half the Western world and three quarters of the developing one though. Or that's what it feels like some times at least
Not analysts, which are usually the ones eating the most shit in terms of hours.
Except it’s bullshit. See the pilot articles from before Covid. PRC airlines offers experienced pilots 500k a year to fly domestically in China. It’s all the same shit. Big snazzy face improving headline about China. Look how fucking great and important we are. The reality in aviation is You fly substandard maintained planes. On shit routes.  Every single mistake delay or not on time flight you get docked 20k. So by the end of the year you’re down to 300k if you’re lucky just because of weather delays or unrully passengers. Meanwhile if you actually do make a mistake god help you as the fine is bigger. All to be stuck in central China when your route ends. Enjoy your long ass flight to Shanghai or Hong long if you perhaps want to leave the country. I’m sure this is the same. Oh come work for us and get 300k we will take the best and brightest and glorify China. The reality is it puts you in a city with the highest cost of living in the world. You’re paid in renminbi or stock options you can’t sell. Not dollars. And it is entirely multi level marketing style performance based. Big fucking deal. But sure China is basically hipster paradise. Go grab a black suit and experience the awesomeness. While you catch black lung from the smog.
Chinese people are so manipulated that they believe, absolutely everything is better than in Europe or the US: Military, Heath Care, Education, Equality, Wages…Everybody seems to believe, that the Chinese Economy will dominate the future. But what everybody expects usually doesn‘t happen. China concentrated its power into one person for life, is severely limiting innovation by limiting personal freedom and critical thinking and is systematically nationalizing whole industries. All of this could significantly hurt their economy in the longrun.
That's a 72 hour week. M&ampA Guys wish they could have it that easy lol.
Sure it's a radical belief that ALL data is modified by the CCP. I don't think that's the case, but looking in from the outside will have us never knowing whether something was manipulated or not.This makes the data untrustworthy, just like the OP mentioned. They cover up whatever they want, they have scammed public investors on the US public markets and refused cooperation.There is no 'middle ground' here. You can either trust what China says or you can't. In my opinion China has proven beyond a reasonable doubt that they are not to be trusted.
Easy when you can have state sponsored market manipulation.
And you don’t think Wall Street expects the same?
&gtbut if this sub is dedicated to serious and objective analyses about finance, what's the relevance here? That the numbers that come out of China can almost never be analysed objectively, because they all pass through the CCP.OP said so in their comment. Not sure why they mentioned the uighurs though and not the type of shit from the China hustle which is relevant to finance.
Great way to recruit talent to work on a foundation built of sand.
And that 996 may not even be an actual 996. Could just be 12s with 24hr on-calls like I've heard.
Okay but they probably require a 996 lifestyle.
This subreddit is garbage.
Lenders and weapon manufacturers made a shit ton of money. Their lobbying always pays off big
They're just reporting on a study out of Brown University, which presumably is not funded by Qatar.
For reference: same dude posted the article to r/politics at the same time. Half the upvotes with 3-5x the engagement.
Posted 20 minutes ago and already 30+ upvotes. That doesn't seem organic. What's going on with this sub?
The military-industrial complex is like the COVID stimulus. Keeps things ticking along
Non-US people aren't prohibited from owning US securities.
Affecting Renaissance’s Medallion fund, which is not open to outside investors.
The writer of the call option has the following portfolio:* A long position on portfolio of short term trades.* A short position on a call option on the above basket.The gains in the first basket are offset by losses in writing the call.Renaissance has the following portfolio:* A long position on a call option held for long term cap gains.All the gains Renaissance sees are from holding a call option long term.Apparently this was a little too cute and regulators decided that it shouldn’t be allowed.
Usually you'd use a foreign bank as broker.  Non-US persons aren't taxable on capital gains generally.
[deleted]
I’m still confused on how the “broker”, who is making these daily trades, avoids paying short term capital gains.
That's fucking genius.
The basket operation strategy used by Renaissance had the effect of allowing for much larger borrow amounts as well as paying long-term capital gains when in reality they do hundreds of thousands or millions of trades per day.The basic setup: Renaissance pays their prime broker for a call option. The call is on a portfolio of assets of about $10 bn ie. the Medallion Fund. The broker then 'hires' Renaissance to act as an advisor to invest this portfolio. After a year or so, Renaissance exercises the call which gives them everything in the portfolio minus fees. The brokers love this fee which is why they kept this operation going for so long. Since this was a year long call option all gains are taxes as long-term.
From the NYT, because this article doesn’t explain it at all.  “At the time of the transactions the federal tax rate on long-term capital gains was about half what it was for short-term capital gains. The hedge fund argued that many of its trades were eligible to be taxed at the lower rate because it had converted those options trades into longer-term holdings through the use of complex financial instruments.These instruments involved baskets of stocks put together by a bank. But Medallion didn’t buy the actual basket of stocks it instead bought an option on that basket and sometimes gave the banks instructions on how to trade those stocks. Basket options have been criticized for having allowed hedge funds to borrow money more easily and allowing them to make bigger and potentially riskier trades.The I.R.S. argued that the basket option trades should have been taxed at the higher rate because they were mainly the result of short-term trading.”
I was under the impression that all types of trades were considered transactions. Can anyone Eli5 what the loophole used was?
r/finance has become like when the history channel started talking about aliens
I really think minimum wage should be raised, a lot, but why would you argue that *minimum * wage should enable you to spend what the *average* family spends. Especially as others have pointed out - as a single earner.
"The average US family, defined here as the middle 20% of income earners spent $60,777 on everything from healthcare (25% of spending) to foreign travel (1% of spending) in 2018, the most recent data available. This excludes taxes and spending associated with government benefits. Seventy-one percent of families in this income group are primarily single-earner households."So, though I have to say I don't completely understand the logistics here i.e. what the average family consists of, it would seem that they're using the middle 20% of income earners, and of those, 71% of families are primarily single income. Seems representative. For instance, any single parent would be part of a single-earner household.
&gt It would take one $15 an hour employee 506 eight-hour shifts — just under two years if working every weekday — to earn what the average US family spends in a year, according to a USAFacts analysis of data from the Internal Revenue Service, Census Bureau, and the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS).How many *decades* has it been since single-income households were realistic?It takes two years... Or, **two earners**, which *is* the "average US family".  Not really seeing the problem with that math.
It’s cool, the ROI from their investment in Nikola will offset this /s
Lol where are you getting this from. The article is talking about bankers trying to get access to the Chinese market. Sounds like they're trying to sell pension plans to China's aging demographic. This is no different than tech companies or manufacturing companies meeting heads of state. Boeing, GM, GE, Apple all do this too with many countries...
US Bankers? They have no loyalties but money. China just needs to promise them big slices of pie in China. It's crazy that it's private US bankers negotiating with Chinese government terms that will affect Americans.
Trying to have their cake and eat it too…
OP must be having a stroke.  That title is a mess
r/titlegore
Was this title written by a bot?
Guy, I’m gonna need you to cool it with the condescending remarks. I was commenting on how awkward the wording of the headline was.
Huh
Unfortunately it’s now obvious you’re simply saying the things you wish to be true. Your logic is rooted in fear and you’re doing science backwards.In reality, we form a hypothesis, then we go out and gather evidence, and no-fucking-matter how we personally feel about that evidence, it becomes the conclusion.Where as you’re coming to a conclusion, gathering unsubstantiated evidence that only supports your conclusion and then claiming that to be in the same realm as actual scientific fact. It’s simply confirming a bias. Yet, here you are.
They actually go the opposite way, charge everyone obese rates and then incentivize physical activity. United Healthcare has a program where if you share your FitBit data with them, they give you a discount. I’m not sure if any of the others do anything similar, but most of them offer free gym memberships.
Can't wait to start charging obese people more for health care
Anyone with a budget of \~$10M could build a pretty reasonable approximation of Uber for a local market. The technological side of it is just not very difficult. Look at how many local and regional platforms there are across the US and the world that are doing the same thing.The barriers to entry are low. That's one of the main issues Uber has, it can't charge enough to cover the actual costs of operating the business when you consider the costs of scaling the user base and when it hat to comply with labor, safety, and local taxi regulations.
That’s the point It’s a really old business joke
I'm a part of the tech talent pool as an Enterprise Account Executive interacting with developers as my clients on a daily basis.  You absolutely have talent in Alabama for tech jobs.  The problem is the talent is often not the highest caliber compared to what you can get in major metros.  There's a network effect of top talent hopping from one company to the next in places like Silicon Valley.  If I decide I don't like my company in Huntsville there aren't that many options to jump ship.  Also having worked with a ton of these folks in both tech hubs and non-tech hubs their experiences with languages are vastly different.  Want ASP.net and java experience?  You can absolutely get that in AL.  Want the latest JS framework, actual ML/AI work experience (not bootcamp projects), or GCP + K8s?  Good luck.  People sharpen their skills so they can make moves.  Developers in those sorts of places tend to stay at one company for ages and become masters of tribal knowledge, not the newest best practices.  Sure there are exceptions, but if you've been at Koch as a software engineer for 20 years you're probably a master of Cobalt, not Go.
Las time I used Uber I paid $14 to go 1.5 miles in little to no traffic. Their prices are plenty high. Tbh, that was my final ride bc the hourly rate at that point was about $280.00/hour and I’m just not paying that.
Yes, the core problem isn't unique (as there are many others like it) but that doesn't make it a less hard problem compared to the other web 2.0 companies.Google could fire everyone and just coast on their search product almost forever without any other updates.AirBnb is a much simpler problem to solve vs Uber.
I feel like it’s not actually that hard to solve the tech side, and this is made clear by how many competitors I’ve seen around the world, DiDi, Ola, Lyft, Bolt. ( not to mention all the food delivery ones too, which need the same tech stack). The difficult part was execution and getting critical mass.
But then all my local taxi companies now have their own apps and although they are a little simpler still basically do most of the same things.
And by verify, do you mean take the host’s word for it?I had to fight Airbnb forever to get a refund on a place that give me an electric shock every time I used the stove. I went down the street to borrow a voltage meter from a worker and proved how much voltage was flowing through. The guy’s solution was to use plastic utensils. Suppose someone grabbed a pot of boiling water (the handle was steel), they could have panicked and burned themselves really bad. My gf toasted her bread in the pan and could feel the current through the bread (didn’t know bread was such a good conductor).It was my first time ever complaining after booking 100’s of rooms.
[Boeing enters the chat]Boeing: do they have unions in Alabamy?
&gt If they all relocated to AlabamaOkay, fine, you go first.
&gtI would really like to know what anyone thinks can be done to make Uber profitable.Charge higher prices. You know, like other taxi services.
Because everybody wants to make payments on a new car and then lend it to somebody that will pick up hookers and smoke weed in it. Self driving taxis will be worse than the back room at an adult bookstore.
I was in an Airbnb where the 12 ft window and sill detached from the wall and began to fall on me. I contacted Airbnb about it and they took the hosts word that it had been fixed so that wouldn’t happen anymore. I really don’t believe they are actually trying to make sure people are safe.
I miss MoviePass
I disagree. Doesn’t matter if we lose money on every sale, we’ll just make it up in volume.
That’s called a Monopoly.
I have the same constant astonishment with Airbnb.  It’s just an app.  Their only costs should be a bunch of developers, a few lawyers, and a few managers holding it all together.  And yet their yearly costs seem to run into the billions.  Still, I like what they are doing with the refugees though.
They don’t have happy workers, many places workers are complaining.
We're finally starting to realize that "on demand services" apps ("Uber for X") are basically all shit businesses with no margins, entirely dependent on gobs of investor capital.  I've seen this play out a few times with non-IPO track companies that look around for a buyer once they think they're reaching scale, and can't get a decent valuation because the margins on their gazillions in revenue aren't much better (if any) than any old school services business.
I don’t know. Uber has been around well before this pandemic and operated the same way right? If anything the pandemic told us it’s that people don’t need to go into work. That is possibly a huge chunk of revenue. Also don’t think the pandemic has stopped as many people as you think from using ride share.
Dare to dream.  TSLA is far away from any meaningful automation notwithstanding the grand promises and goalpost moving that happens daily from some Twitter account…
I think this model is going to be adopted by various local and national bodies across the world. For instance, in India, many restaurants are miffed by the food delivery app duopoly (Swiggy and Zomato). They have an issue with large commissions taken by these two (20-40%) and customer order data and contact info being completely owned by them. A national restaurant owners association has put out a tender to get an app built for their members which should solve both problems - have the members pay an annual fee for maintenance and development and give them customer data.
Uber enjoys an insanely high multiple, so I think it’s a little disingenuous to claim that SBC is a major factor that is being “hidden” especially when this guy clearly thinks they’re going to come back down to earth. If that’s the case, then Uber is clearly getting a deal by paying SBC.Also, the main crux of this is that “Didi stock went up and they are including it even though it crashed the day after earnings” If it was the case that investors were pricing in the performance of Didi, you would expect the forward multiple to skyrocket as consensus projections crater, except this hasn’t happened, in fact NTM consensus projections for Uber increased post Q2 earnings. Uber has a ton of problems and my personal belief is that much of the value is wrapped up in Uber Freight where it has legitimate moats and far less scrutiny - regulatory and in the media - due to being far less high profile. The other major problem is they are fairly leveraged for an asset-light company, but I think far too many retail investors get wrapped up in a cash number that is meaningless in the era of rock bottom interest rates. Uber is NOT going to have a liquidity problem, they’re just not - their multiple guarantees it and they just did another 1.5bn issuance 2 weeks ago to refinance the cash part of the transplace deal from ~8% down to 4.5%! Are they super exposed to rising interest rates? Of course they are, but in my opinion the management team is making the right moves right now by cutting expenses and restructuring the cap stack to prepare for the coming years.
The challenges those are affordable states in terms of labor do not hold, retain, or attract the talent you need for these high tech companies. But I completely agree, they had some crazy costs.
Nyc does this already with yellow cabs - it’s called the curb app
I always thought cities should run their own open-source Uber-like service and subsidize it. That way the money stays in the local economy instead of paying billions in inflated salaries and trying to develop AI driving systems that won’t be ready for decades.
Cut out the middleman
Any guesses how to fix the model?
Their concern was drivers being eligible for benefits. Please consider the context.Also, I doubt most want to remain independent contractors. There's a lot of momentum against Uber and Lyft.
It is when everyone in the company is getting paid Silicon Valley money. If they all relocated to Alabama and were paid reasonable wages then maybe they would be able to make the company work. Dara Khosrowshahi made around $12 million in 2020 and more than $42 million in 2019, when you include stock bonuses. https://www.businessinsider.com/ceo-salary-pay-uber-dara-khosrowshahi-overpaid-executive-compensation-2021-7 Meanwhile the office building alone ran them 250 million dollars https://www.designbuild-network.com/projects/uber-headquarters-san-francisco/ and then add in all the satellite offices  https://www.businessinsider.com/ubers-hundreds-of-city-offices-benefits-and-challenges-2016-5I know it’s a lot more intensive then you think to make an app run and run well with significant infrastructure is a feat, but like capital discipline is a virtue.
You do you, but worth pointing out the company was not doing great before the pandemic either.
Smart and informed people made money on the narrative selling the company to others.
most tech stock ends up that way.. like 90% of it  it typically gets replaced with better tech or society evolves beyond its use case
It's amazing that the 6.4 billion in cash they have will probably only last them another 2 or 3 years.  I would really like to know what anyone thinks can be done to make Uber profitable.  Is there a good argument other than, "smart and informed people spent billions financing this company, they must know what they're doing?"
Article may be 100% correct, but I'm going to wait until the post-pandemic world (whenever that is) before deciding ride sharing is a failed business model.I assume there are plenty of drivers and other passengers that would rather not share a small contained space during a pandemic.  Eventually people are going to need some sort of direct transit option again, and I can't imagine taxis will make a comeback.
If you have to be anti labor to get behind a company, you probably shouldn't get into that company.
Having more and more trouble staying behind Uber and Lyft with the contractor suits.  This will severely hurt margins/profit if drivers are deemed employees and eligible for benefits.
Same thing.
Good analysis here.
What's wrong with it? I'm sort of inclined to agree with the articles premise. But that might just be because I'm biased against these stupid tech companies that are valued at billions without ever turning a profit.
Based on him owning Uber stock, probably
Based on what?
Clickbait and lies. It was under manual control.
Every time lol.
No more car insurance, no more tickets, way less traffic, if you can get full adoption and completely get rid of human-driving cars then you can completely redesign cities and even reach a point where you no longer need parking lots, garages. It's one of the single most substantial paradigm shifts we could reach.
&gtThe vehicle had stopped at a T junction and was about to turn undermanual control of the operator, who was using the vehicle's joystickcontrol, when the vehicle hit the athlete going at around 1 or 2kilometersSo ... it wasn't self-driving, but a human error. Great story, NBC.
&gt The vehicle had stopped at a T junction and was about to turn under manual control of the operator, who was using the vehicle's joystick control, when the vehicle hit the athleteThe vehicle was under manual operation at the time. It’s disingenuous to portray the accident as caused by self driving autonomous features.
Dark bro ...
Toyota doing it’s part to support the paralympics by creating more paralympians :/
Morgan Freeman enters the chat
Narrator: *despite the claims that could point to otherwise, he wasn’t retarded*
It's too bad Bernie Madoff passed away, he would have been great at running the social security administration with all his Ponzi scheme experience.
No one is getting a raise lol
Nominal - inflation = real. So, if gdp growth is 5% but inflation is also 5%, the gdp hasn't grown in reality. Inflation eats the real growth.
A 7.2% raise sounds good until you realize your cost of living is rising by about the same amount.
Could u plz explain like I’m retarded
He's saved the pensioners and the bankers at the cost of the future generations. I'd have much prefered he save the pensioners and the young at the expense of the bankers
7.2% growth sure sounds good, until you realize it’s all nominal.
Inflation is an indirect tax. You're paying for that debt via higher prices and reduced purchasing power.
Ok, now look at the purchasing power of the USD next to an inflation chart and tell me if they all line up
By printing money, the fed has devalued it, or has caused inflation.  Which means each $ if debt is “worth” less.Now everything is relative, so those who have assets, would have to see them increase in price to retain value.  Oh look at that, the stock market and real estate have gone through the roof.  However, individuals who can’t get significant pay increases are screwed.   But that’s ok, they don’t need to afford a house. They can just rent for the rest of their lives as some sort of indentured servitude. /sIf you can’t tell, this bothers me.
So increased SS benefits and it will run out of money sooner than forecast?
It's good on paper. It's not good in practice. In practice, people are getting priced out of many goods and services as their incomes fail to keep up with costs.
Wait wait, i got this.THEY SPEND IT
i hear everyones still waiting for this to happen since the 70s...
Yes they are stickier unfortunately.  They'll go up but not to the level of inflation.
There's a lot of wisdom in here...
…Leading to greater inflation.
Interesting perspective but I doubt it’s going to be beneficial to the average person. More social unrest and disparity will equal more volatility.
What
Wages won't increase proportionally so even if it's the best move. It isn't a great outcome.
J-Pow is so fucking smart honestly.  My hats off to him.When inflation goes up, debt goes down.  And USA has a lot of debt.He's basically resetting the economy single handedly.He's steered us away from disaster during COVID and continues to keep things rolling.My favorite banker, the man knows money.
Of course wsj focuses on that. There's also this:That increase brings the White House in line with the Federal Reserve forecast. Both see inflationary pressure easing rapidly next year, dropping to 2.5% by the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2.3% by 2023.As part of its mid-session budget review, the administration also boosted its estimate of annual economic growth to 7.2% this year, up from 5% projected in May. And it estimated that the deficit for fiscal year 2021 will be $3.1 trillion, a reduction of $555 billion from the earlier estimate of nearly $3.7 trillion. The measure of the deficit as a share of the economy also fell, dropping to an estimated 13.9%, down from a previous forecast of 16.7%.
Rampant money printing, combined with a collapse of the global supply chain, resulting in soaring inflation.  And nobody saw it coming.  /s
&gt"Battery storage is transforming the global electric grid and is an increasingly important element of the world's transition to sustainable energy," it said in a 2019 blog post. CEO Elon Musk made reference to the need for more electrical storage if utilities in Texas are to avoid the problems of this past winter. He did not mention Megapack on that call, but suggested that the greater adoption of solar panels on homes and Tesla's Powerwalls would help to provide that buffer needed for the grid in Texas and elsewhere.
"We are keeping a close eye on things, but we have never seen this before and know from the past that we have no idea what we are doing. We believe policy is well positioned but remain ready to change our policy to achieve our goals. ""Also we are decreasing asset purchases and expect inflation to remain high until employment improves"
Is-your-spacebar-broken?
Money printer still go brrrrrr
Summary- “We’re here to announce that we’re preparing the future announcement of our plans for the US Economy. We may or may not have reason to believe that this announcement could affect those who are directly affected by the US Economy. Oh, and starting Tuesday, a gallon of milk will cost $80. J Powell OUT!”
A lot of US State pension funds have bought GameStop
You want them to buy $20 billion of crypto? In a DB pension that has to meet bi-weekly payout obligations to 150,000 members?
JP Morgan isn’t seriously “investing” in Bitcoin. They’re holding onto some of it to make it easier for their customers to buy and sell/speed up transaction times.
There is a big difference between J.P. Morgan investing in bitcoin and a teachers pension fund. BTC is much to volatile to be included in a state run pension fund imo
Do you think it’s realistic for a public pension fund to invest in Bitcoin?
Its because they lost so much money on PSTH
Inverse treasury ETFs.We get commission by posting on here, right?
He was wrong in spring 2020 on Covid and missed out on a ton of upside, and one could argue wrong again this spring! The fun part for Jeff is once he’s right he’s hoping we forget the times he was wrong.  Here’s  him March 17 2021 calling 15% correction (spy closed $397 that day. If ya listened you missed $52 bucks of upside through today.) https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.businessinsider.com/billionaire-bond-king-jeffrey-gundlach-warns-stocks-overvalued-crash-coming-2021-3%3famTLDR - don’t listen to talking heads and let em spook ya
The problem is alternatives. The Euro is the only other currency that might make sense. Where else, Russia, China?
Yea no one with a brain is putting their money in Yuan by choice.
And replaced with what - Yuan?  At least with Dollar, there is semi-freedom of information &amp float.
"Bond King" Jeffrey Gundlach is simply following in the footsteps of former "Bond King" Bill Gross, who famously dumped Treasuries (and all U.S. government-related debt) from PIMCO Total Return because yields were just so low. He insisted that yields *had* to rise due to deficit spending, inflation, and the Fed ending its QE program.The year was 2011. The 10-year yielded \~3.5%. PTTRX underperformed the index by 3.24% that year, and Gross was eventually forced out of the company he had co-founded in 2014.I wouldn't put too much stock in Jeff's predictions.
Meanwhile the rest of the civilized world looks at us and laughs at our ineffective and ridiculously expensive healthcare system.
People have been saying this for years. nothing significant has happened yet
That increase happened because gold jumped 25% in a year.
https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/transactionfees-btc-eth-doge-ltc-bch-xmr.html#3yThat will show you transaction fee spikes (which is not a mystery since it only has a few kilobytes per second in throughput).If you search the history of blockstream and the blocksize debate you can find all the nonsense, complete with people who think the sun revolves around the earth arguing for low transaction throughput.
The one where transactions cost $20 or more every time it gets popular because the people in charge are trying to sell a shitty second layer no one wants?  I'm sure 7 transactions per second will be enough for the whole world to leave the US dollar behind.
He might be right, but hard to take him seriously after he revealed he was short the S&ampP at 2900.
the gradual emergence of a multi-currency system seems both a given (with the present knowledge / outlook of the global distribution of economic activity) and kinda irrelevant. what is more relevant for risk management is whether there are particular possible events that can prompt sharp dislocations in currency markets.
It is happening. Central banks around the world have been rejigging their reserves towards gold from the US$ for half a decade now. Russia’s reserves of gold exceeded US$ for the first time in modern history this year.
Doesn’t he say that since 10 years or something ...
I feel like Gundlach is super butt hurt that bonds have been trash for the past 15 years....
TLDR: Yadi, yadi, yadi.
We’re in a bubble that’s in a bubble that’s in another bubble.
Yes, we need more too big to fails to be more involved with derivatives on assets known for their volatility.
The bubble is just getting bigger and bigger lol.
I am long rocket lab. Unlike ASTRA and some of its other small launcher competitors, Rocket Lab is actually launching paying customer's payloads into space on its Electron rocket. Rocketlab has also recovered two of its first stage boosters. If it can get resuability of the booster working, that will decrease flight costs in a similar manner to how SpaceX has for larger rockets.
They're definitely not gonna explain.
Will you explain?
You didnt explain anything and your point hasn't been made, hence the downvotes.No one understands what kinda businessman would buy a porn distributer without porn.
The account the let’s them process transactions directly from credit cards. If you are business that relies on credit cards and you siddenly don’t have one, you are screwed.
Just copy and paste it. I read all your comments and it still doesn’t make sense. Shitty exit strategy to shit all over the company before trying to sell it unless literally no one wants to buy a porn company. I think you’re more likely just a doofus.
So you can’t explain how a business shuttering they majority of its operation is good for the value of the company? This isn’t a “run a business subreddit” condescending ass
Who wants to buy a porn site that doesn’t have any porn or any good non-porn content. Th e value is literally the porn, isn’t it? Without the porn their business is worth way less
Does that mean the pandemic is over?
Woohoo! Thanks!
I think thats the plan for them but they cant create a full proof verification process in the short time they have before the article is released. Mastercard and visa pulled out of PH 6 days after the NYT article. They had no time to act. Only Fans bans sexual content before the investigation preventing them losing their major payment processing and it gives them time to develop a full proof age verification system.
They know their vetting process is a shit show.  They’re just trying to cash out as much as possible before reports surface of abuse.  It’s sad for the victims and it’s a reality for proprietors in that business.
I guess that explains all the awesome, cool ambiance coffee shops all over the world.
r/buttsharpies if you’re seriousNaturally NSFW
I logged in yesterday and my God it looks like a facebook ripoff.My subscriptions were refunded and now I no longer can tell hot chicks to shove markers up their booties &gt:(
Yeah I think people can get by with 15% of the porn.
Not defending anyone, *I don't care*. __You mistake my analysis for concern.__ Also, I don't think anyone is going to attempt reclaim that marketshare.*Too much risk* - Those girls are returning to their Fucked up lives after a short vacation &amp money mismanagement.
I feel like this was a couple years ago. They took down everything that wasn’t verified
&gtIn June, OnlyFans began preparations for a share sale as majority owner Leonid Radvinsky, the Ukrainian-American entrepreneur behind porn site MyFreeCams, wants to offload part of his stake.
They got rid of the content after being threatened by Visa/MC, that Visa/MC would stop allowing payments to be made to them.And this came about after a story was published that Mindgeek was allowing CP on their site.
&gtnow only has revenue from advertisingThat is not true.  PH still has a premium version as well as an OF-type subscription service to individual creators.
*it is*. They don't give a Fuck about those girls or running that business. They've been waiting to get bought out, go public.
They don't care about the company - *it's like Myspace* they're going to take their __*payout &amp bail*.__ they're going to receive the money from investors which is substantially more than the 20% they were receiving for having a "nudes business" with far less of a headache &amp then retire.
Yeah, and a threat to *their business*. Pornhub, Youporn, Red Tube and most other "big" porn streaming sites are own and operated by *Mindgeek*. The parent company of Naughty America, Bangbros and countless other porn brands.They started and/or bought most popular porn streaming sites and *removed full length videos* to push memberships instead. They love to let yoy see shorter clips or single videos but few if any of their current "got" vids. Amateur porn blew up and started threatening their business so they simply removed it and used the classic "won't somebody think of the children excuse".Note: Pornhub (and the rest) did indeed have "amateur" videos featuring underage teenagers and lots of stolen "revenge porn". Not that they minded (the last at least) but it still meant bad publicity and less money so they banned it, and create dtheir own premium "revenge porn" videos  instead.
Even with the draconian restrictions placed on OnlyFans by banks, it still makes more sense to me for them to stay as they are now, and find some sort of alternative funding, or simply stay small. Because the alternative is to completely *obliterate their value proposition*. By banning adult content, they are destroying their entire raison d'etre. Assuming this goes through, they may now be able to get funding, but there will be no business to fund. The banks won't want to lend to them if their entire userbase evaporates.
As I understand it, it resulted in Visa/MC not allowing payments so Pornhub lost the paid subscribers and now only has revenue from advertising -- but OF doesn't have the advertising revenue.
Are the owners wanting to cash out? Go public, cash out their stake and live the rest of their lives on a beach with endless Supply of Margs?
They took down 85% of their content.
Yeah, It's not like anyone associates Onlyfans with porn or anything.
It almost seems more like a restaurant deciding not to sell alcohol or food, and just hoping people come by and spend their money for the ambience. It’s not going to work out well.
Sex workers are not shocked. This has been happening since the beginning of the internet.
I don’t think the responsibility should be on the payment processor to regulate child porn, that’s the government’s job
*Ha!*
So much for the $NUDE ticker symbol
&gtThey're basically forced into this position. No one wants to handle their payment processing.You forgot the part about the large number of underage people on the platform.
I think r/gonewild (nsfw) probably has a better verification program, lol.
&gtPornhub is doing just fineNo, no its not.
&gt NYT destroyed porn hub with their Op EdI mean, did it actually impact PH's revenue though?I recognize we don't have access to their revenue, but I really doubt the op ed had a meaningful impact on the site's usage.
A bit exaggerated to say that they destroyed pornhub. PH is still doing just fine, they just took a PR hit that most people will have forgotten in a few years.
Payment providers are legally obligated to make sure that the content they are providing payment for is legal i.e. all "creators" are adults and nobody is forcing them to create this content. Apparently, some audits revealed that age confirmation process on OF is a joke and is by no means trustworthy. Also, there are speculations that some of the "actresses" might be victims of human trafficking etc. This means that finance institutions could be legally charged as part of the illegal operation that they "helped" to fund by processing the payments. So, from OF perspective yes, that's huge chunk of revenue and growth gone, but from Visa/MS perspective it's well worth it, because they are removing themselves from any potential legal actions related to illegal content on OF.
I heard BBC was preparing a story.
They banned unverified users and their content. Which turned out to be a lot.
They removed almost every amateur video on there, because apparently some were like 17. I stopped it using it after
I'd imagine Pornhub was the big red flag out there. No one wants to be involved if it turns out OnlyFans let underage girls sell pornographic material or something.
Pornhub banned sexual content?
Which is very strange. It's not just Onlyfans but so many other similar tales too. There must be billions ready for the taking for any financial services willing to step up and not care about a few moralists complaining. Like what is actually stopping them? What disincentive is so strong that it keeps everyone out of such a gargantuan gap in the market?
Is that what happened to Pornhub?
Like a restaurant nit selling alcohol after being open for 10yrs. Have a good clientele,  now they will all go elsewhere including the revenue
They're basically forced into this position. No one wants to handle their payment processing.
I too enjoy astrology
Bofa Deez nutz
What’s Bofa?
everybody knows shit's fucked
Look up the way rent is calculated in the CPI. “Owners equivalent rent” doesn’t capture anything close to the increases in rent that private companies like Zillow and Redfin have been reporting.
No one seems to be talking about home and furniture prices. Everything is 20% more expensive than what it was a year ago in my area.
here’s the thing though: transitory inflation still sucks
There are a handful of reasons, but the major ones are 1) food and energy are seasonal, so you’d either have to adjust for this or eliminate it to see true inflation trends2) food and energy are relatively price inelastic and highly volatile, so if you’re trying to react to a trend, which the fed is, it doesn’t make sense to use data the swings around the oil price is based on commodity speculation and can swing wildly, but doesn’t tell you a lot about the actual trend in prices for example3) they are responsive markets and self correct frequentlyIn short, the fed is interested in trends when looking at price change data. Even though these are real price changes, you would have to adjust for them heavily to see the real underlying trend.As far as an increasing inflation percentage across the board… well yeah, that’s the fed’s goal. The fed wants steady, low inflation. The whole point is for an across the board inflation increase. The question is will we see an unreasonably large increase, but fear not, if we do the fed can react by dialing back their economic support and let things cook a bit until we get back to steady low inflation.
Why are they leaving out food and energy costs? That is where the inflation is at. Rent increases has been delayed due to forbearance bs so thats not priced in. Food is already increasing but we havent talked about the climate affects as well. Majority of the country has been in drought like conditions the past year. The next inflation data is gonna showcase that there is an increasing inflation creepage across the board.
Thanks !
Paywall can someone be a hero please
I don't think so, I'm a liberal weed smoking hippie yet I'm a mod here. I think culture wars in the US has rotten people's brain so much they only see things through the lens of identity politics.
Some people dont return to the work force after massive unemployment. Life style changes, retirement, taking time off or self employed. This era will be a perfect edition to economic textbooks in the future. Best part is that we lived through it.
Ah yeah just another Tuesday.
So literally the article and research says that when people had to actually earn money they spent less as opposed to it being given?
&gtThe point was basically to punish poor people who didn’t want to die or get sick from COVID with their zero benefits and sick payI mean I am all for unemployment, but die from COVID is negligible at this point and we have to go back to normal at some point. Vaccines are out. Time for us as a society to move on.
You mean like the people who are buying bonds yielding ~1.2% (aka less than “normal inflation”) like the government is borrowing money now to give to people who need it and then paying back money later that is worth less… this is basically all deficit spending
You can easily say the same from the right. I would argue most people just blindly follow movements. I still see people arguing gas prices are their metric for inflation... There's also a huge difference between center left and far left
What I got from this is 7 out of 8 people prefer to stay on unemployment and spend less rather than go out and find a new job.
The lack of health care and benefits, including sick pay. I have two clients right now who need lung transplants due to COVID. The hospital bill is over 100k, not including the transplant. These two are struggling currently with over 1 mil in assets (not including their home). All of this is totally worth risking for sub 10hr an hour 👌
The 4.4% was the difference in how many more jobs were created in states with benefits VS states without.So a state that had unemployment benefits created 100 jobs and a state that cut benefits generated 105 jobs. (rounding up)Another metric used was the 8 to 1 comparison, for every 8 ppl getting benefits, after they were cut 1 person got a job. (13% rounding up)So between those two measures cutting benefits hurt A LOT more people than it helped.
&gt So if we apply these “disastrous” numbers…&gt 33% of the 194,000 unemployed had their benefits cut off or -64,000 people.&gtIn return there was “only” a 4.4% increase in the 3 million people working or +132,000.I think you misunderstood the article. The 4.4% was the difference in how many more jobs were created in states with benefits VS states without. So a state that had unemployment benefits created 100 jobs and a state that cut benefits generated 105 jobs. (rounding up) Another metric used was the 8 to 1 comparison, for every 8 ppl getting benefits, after they were cut 1 person got a job. (13% rounding up) So between those two measures cutting benefits hurt A LOT more people than it helped.
I work in finance and have been in the office everyday since the start of the pandemic. I simply got vaccinated and wear a mask. Why? Because it’s an easy precaution that costs me about nothing other than being slightly uncomfortable. Is that what you mean by living in fear?
Is r/finance the new r/conservative?
Wrong.  From the Cautious Optimism Correspondent for Economic Affairs and Other Egghead Stuff.The liberal media fails math again, trying to portray early ending of enhanced unemployment benefits as some sort of massive failure.The reasoning? In states that closed the taps the media laments that over 33% of idle workers lost their benefits, but in return those states only saw a 4.4% gain in new jobs. Wow, only a 4.4% gain from a 33% cut, what a disaster. Just look at that graph! Who can't see this obvious failure of dogmatic free-market ideology?Except that there are far more members of the labor force working than not, so they’re comparing a third of a very small number to 4.4% of a very large one.Take a state like Colorado with a 6% unemployment rate. 6% of the workforce is idle and 94% of the workforce is employed.So 2% (one-third of 6%) of the overall workforce lost extended benefits while 4.1% of the overall workforce saw new job gains (4.4% of 94%).Or if we take an example using hard numbers, the Bureau of Labor Statistics says Colorado’s workforce consists of 3.2 million people, 3 million of whom were working in July and 194,000 of whom were filing for unemployment benefits.https://www.bls.gov/eag/eag.co.htmSo if we apply these “disastrous” numbers…33% of the 194,000 unemployed had their benefits cut off or -64,000 people.In return there was “only” a 4.4% increase in the 3 million people working or +132,000.So in return for cutting extended benefits for 64,000 people, 132,000 people start working again.Sounds more like a resounding success... for anyone who can do math (ie. not certain journalists).ps. Except that Colorado is not one of the states cutting enhanced benefits early, which is why we haven't seen any single-month 132,000 job gains and in fact the number of people working in Colorado has actually fallen slightly since May: from 3,000,100 to 2,999,500 (see BLS tables).
&gt in supply chain management And consultants. They *really* walk away.
It’s a whole bunch of paper tiger cert idiots in supply chain management that read Toyota’s JIT system and only applied the “fuck inventory overhead” part and nothing else for a fat bonus and walked away.
Used to work at BAML FX. David Woo is so full of hot air 🙄
It's not. This episode was one of the worst I've heard in a while. There's been some that were less interesting, but this was definitely the lowest quality.Oddlots is usually very interesting with high quality guests.
As a logistics consultant, thank you. I’ve been dealing with bullwhip effect bullshit for quarters now, but the means of production and organization all remain ready to restart. Even with best guesses, there are a ton of industries that can’t anticipate what they should order.Decades of shifting to just in time manufacturing also means the capacity to store inventory has often been sold off or never existed. There is little margin for error, and most nodes in these chains have industrial client bases for B2B sales. Which is to say I think the hiccups will be worked out out of view of the general public.
Was going to reply to your other comment but it got deleted…Why do you think it’s ridiculous to think the inflation is transitory? My day job has me working with global supply chains, and I can promise you 100% that at least some of the price increases are results of wonky supply / demand mismatches driven by covid. Good luck getting ocean freight anytime in the next 6 months - last company I was at we ended up chartering entire 747s to fly product in, at a huge premium. All that gets passed onto the consumer. That sorta thing will stabilize with time, but it takes awhile. Normal ocean freight is planned out quarters (not months) in advance, and with covid shutdowns in Asia, it’s wreaking complete havoc on pricing. And that’s just the freight side - I saw today the Vietnamese government is spending billions on a factory isolation plan, to effectively cutoff the workforce from the outside to prevent covid spread. Their production capacity is absolutely hosed, and this is right after so many companies spent billions moving production out of China because of trump’s stupid trade war. Again, all of this by definition transitory and direct result of supply/demand imbalances of the last 1.5 years.
Yeah the ironic part is that he isn't even using the term correctly.
"Cancel culture" is an ironic term. It means your actions or words have consequences or negative reactions. The term itself is explicitly to cancel anyone having those differences of opinion. Anyone who says it wants to live in a bubble that cancels any opinions that hurt their feelings.
I hope this show isn't representative of others. Woo is really obnoxious in his "in your face" political views.He goes on for 10 minutes about how cancel culture has infected economics and how no economists were willing to speak out against the stimulus plan brought forward by democrats at the beginning of the year, except for people who had retired or been marginalized by the larger academic community, but then the hosts asks about a Larry Summers editorial against it. His response to that is to insult Summers and say he has no credibility.How is his conduct any less of an example of  "cancel culture" than what he was complaining about. If you want to see more debate and less politics, encourage debate and be less political. Don't just dump on people because you don't like them or their previous positions.
Can not disagree any more. Gov't try to say we will not address inflation until we solved our basic health and political issues.
Haven't listened to this episode, but this is a fantastic show for deep dives on niche topics in finance, highly recommend
“In a parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western District of Washington filed a criminal information [sic] against Sung Mo Jun, Joon Jun, Chon, and Lee.”The fine was easy. Prison will not be.
Post this to r/personalfinance they know their shit
Hmmm sounds like a real ordeal. It’s too much money to just say f it though
If I’m not mistaken travelers cheques don’t expire though right, so whatever the company currently goes by should still honor them right?
They are filing a criminal charge separately
100% would do it again if I were part of the trading ring. Even if they double or triple my fine because I'm a "repeat offender" its still worth it.
Secs a joke
Rob a bank. Steal 3 m. Pay 78k fine keep the change. If justice isn’t blind and dumb I don’t know who is.
So far, I've seen talk and no action.  And I think the Fed is stuck between a rock and a hard place.  They influence interest rates by printing money and purchasing debt at or near 0%.    They're printing $80B/month to buy government debt, and another $40B/month to buy mortgage backed securities.   They have created a huge pricing distortion in the housing market.   Investors have poured into the housing market using the Fed's 0% money, driving up housing prices which has resulted in pricing a number of people out of buying a house.  So instead, they join the pool of renters, bidding up rents (18%).So, either they stop this money printing, and their stock and housing bubbles burst, or they continue, and inflation soars.  That's being stuck between a rock and a hard place, way I see it.
&gt Don’t twist yourself into a pretzel trying to convince me that the 9/11 attackers, who killed 3,000 unarmed civilians, are anything like George Washington.Okay, this is going to shock you, but none of that has literally anything to do with Afghanistan. This would be like me saying Americans are terrible people and then pointing out the atrocity of the Belgian Congo. Like sure, that is atrocious, but completely irrelevant. Afghanistan is like 1500 miles away from Saudi Arabia. That's the same distance as NYC to Cuba lol. Oh, and you're right, because the war against the British wasn't really about noble causes at all, it was about taxation. That's why the revolution was led by wealthy elites within the society. The British weren't that bad at all and a lot of their declarations made sense. The "intolerable" acts of the British didn't include airstriking innocent civilians and literally demolishing America. That's also why all this revolutionary fervor began only after they were being asked to actually pay their taxes lol. &gt They were terrorists attacking civilians. Washington was fighting the army of King George III.If you think no innocent citizens died during the war, I have a bridge to sell you. And if you don't understand that the entire reason why terrorism is becoming more common is because it's one of the only available weapons in an era of asymmetrical warfare, it just exposes how uneducated you are. If we had a George Washington and American independence equivalent today, it would absolutely be fought for through use of terrorism because the Britain equivalent would've been able to crush the normal army through sheer might, something that wasn't possible back then (due to issues like supply lines, technology, etc.)&gt Now I’m not a huge history buff, but In my opinion, it’s the attacking of civilians that is the key difference.If you don't know anything about history then maybe don't comment on it so authoritatively? Sorry your precious founding fathers were terrorists?
Made 3m paid 78k penalty. Civil not criminal. I’d do it all over again.
They left stuff behind or in control of Afghan security forces who gave it all up without much of a fight.
So you’re saying the US should’ve just hunkered down, propped up the Afghan government, and brought in US mining infrastructure to profit? We totally failed that one. How are we going to conquer alien planets if we can’t even enslave countries here?!
You can google in about 30 seconds that almost every single 9/11 attacker was neither Taliban nor Afghan. It was Saudis like Osama himself. Everyone learning about foreign politics and it’s narratives knows the manipulative use of terms like freedom fighters versus terrorists. There’s no truth, just facts, perspective and a lot of geopolitics.Also mate, terrorism is more characterised by asymmetric warfare than civilian casualties. Go and compare civilian casualties in Afghanistan caused by Western forces with the number of civilians killed by the Taliban. Looking at more than 40k dead civilians and twenty years of occupation by Western armed forces, who do you think is considered a terrorist by communities living in Afghanistan?
Saudi Arabia and Pakistan have an interest in financing terrorism.
"I used to work for the an independent **ahem** organization that eventually became the local **cough** government. I started in bookkeeping and did some rotating through our financial management program. Due to some promising (sometimes not, for others) I became the controller. I'm contractually unable to get into the details, but implementing IFRS and the latest SAP S/4 HANA were some of the biggest projects I did during my tenure. The cloud ERP was the best option for us. Why am I looking elsewhere? IFRS 16, man. IFRS 16. "
&gt George Washington did not try to attack civilians in London. He was fighting against the kingdom’s military in his own home.Which was British territory. And you realise there were loyalists in those territories right? &gt There were definitely instances of people being beaten up on by gangs who would come to their house and harass them for being on the wrong side. It has to be said that some loyalists certainly were able to just kind of lie low and go about their business and try to not say too much about politics. But if you were living on the front lines of these advancing armies going back and forth across the colonies, it could be really a difficult choice and a difficult situation to be in.[Source](https://www.npr.org/2015/07/03/419824333/what-happened-to-british-loyalists-after-the-revolutionary-war)&gt And so, when the British pulled out in city after city in the United States, up to tens of thousands of loyalists sometimes went with the retreating army to Britain and other parts of the British Empire. ... About half of the loyalists who left the United States ended up going north to Canada, settling in the province of Nova Scotia and also becoming pioneering settlers in the province of New Brunswick.There's a reason why thousands of loyalists moved out of the country after, they were fleeing...&gt He was fighting against the kingdom’s military in his own home.And what do you think the Taliban are doing? They're Afghans fighting against what they see as a puppet government put into place by a foreign superpower in their own home. And the idea that the American revolutionaries didn't do any attacking elsewhere in British territories was because they weren't terrorists is kinda stupid. There were technological limitations. This didn't stop them from attempting to conquer territories that definitely didn't want to be part of the new American state though. One of the first military engagements was literally the [Invasion of Quebec](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Invasion_of_Quebec_(1775)). Now, Idk what I'd call invading a place to "convince them to join your revolution," but I'm pretty sure that's not exactly a super liberty-supporting option. It's not even like this was a one time thing, one of the chief reasons for the War of 1812 was to invade British Canada and even in the negotiations that ended the Revolutionary War, there was an attempt to try to get all of Quebec.
There was a multinational effort to build Afghanistan’s ring road, as it was directly tied to the central government’s ability to administer regions effectively (if you can’t get somewhere do you even actually control it???). Bottom line: it fell apart bc it turns out blowing up an IED is easier than paving thousands of miles of road through a heavily mountainous countryside.
China would likely happily build those in exchange for some debt backed by those mines.
It's what allah would have wanted...his followers ruining the earth and selling drugs.
You say crossroads but they don’t have roads or any infrastructure in place to be of any use right?
I would define terrorism as use of violence and intimidation, especially against civilians. George Washington did not try to attack civilians in London. He was fighting against the kingdom’s military in his own home.
Can I short the M4 tranches?
I think he was referring to the cost of 1 kg of fentanyl being approximately $5,000. 1 kilo of fentanyl can be cut to make the equivalent of 100 kilos of heroin.  Growing opium from the ground and then refining it into heroin it's just not economical anymore when comparing to the worldwide drug market.
They've clearly shown to be recession proof.
Imagine being the FP&ampA guy for the Taliban. Or their Controller.
No tax liability and a FCF of $346 million? I'll take 1,000 shares.
This isn't even a valid topic of conversation given how much more abundant, accessible, and cheap fentanyl is as a replacement, medically and recreationally.
I might have to re-join Wallstreetbets to poll them on their support for swaps on a 5x Taliban ETF.
And also they didn't have to pay for American military hardware.
One man’s terrorist is another man’s revolutionary.George Washington and the like were absolute terrorists from a British perspective, by any definition of the word really.
It’s not extortion if it’s given willingly
Did you see the “Charitable Donations?” Lmao. Should that not also be under extortion???
FBI has entered the chat.
I see it starting. NOW we’re going to talk about the opium problem in Afghanistan. NOW all the stories are going to start coming out about how the evil Taliban is poisoning the world with heroin. This same country has been poisoning the world with heroin for generations. US troops actually guarded Poppy fields during our occupation of Afghanistan. But this is the second article I’ve seen since the collapse of the US backed government, pandering to the idea that the Taliban is going to increase the amount of misery in the world caused by opioids. That’s going to be a tall task to exceed the opium production during the US occupation.
Right. This and the drugs, plus the strategically significant placement adjacent Iran, Pakistan, Kazakhstan etc. at the crossroads of the Middle East, east Asia and South Asia (Russian influenced territory) make it a valuable strategic crossroads. Again, plus the drugs and mining opportunities via lithium and such. And of course the huge opportunity to enrich American military industrial complex conglomerates and refine/exercise our military and mercenary forces, which I’ve heard generals compare to one’s body or immune system or memory, needing to be used to maintain, a sort of ‘use it or lose it’ philosophy. Ultimately Afghanistan will remain important in the global hegemonic struggle, I’m not sure that our taxpayer and human costs to be there were really necessary or justifiable for now or the last couple decades. But I’m gonna lean towards no.
I thought for sure it would be from trying get in early on the blackberry pump and dump.
distressing but interesting work.also this "Extortion —&gt Telecomms" is fucking hilarious
Yeah no shit, Afghanistan is sitting atop like $3T in minerals.
So we should go long $TALI?
Mostly its about understanding and describing the actual mechanics behind it to.  Like saying "ya, the apple goes towards the ground, everyone knows that" isnt useful, but saying, "I did the measurements and have the calculations to prove it accelerates down at 9.8ms2 due to gravity" is SUPER useful.
It's less about not realizing the obvious, and more about proving beyond all doubt to the flat earthers that yes the earth indeed is a sphere. And getting enough fence sitters who haven't done an inch of homework but have a say in the matter anyway to lean towards reality.Obviously if you called it "are you seriously braindead?" instead of "peer review", it would tick a lot of people off.
Gotta fight misinformation.
Fuck that bot
Lol, you’re arguing with a bot
A single molecule of water is not wet.  But water makes itself wet.  And the plural of water is water.  Therefore, water is wet.
next up water is wet
Sometimes you gotta be an academic to not understand the obvious
No shit
The only time I've used a magnetic stripe in the last 10 or so years was when I visited the US. Haven't used it in Europe even once.
I feel like tap to pay will become even more popular and even need the chip anymore
I am not aware of any large business that pays minimum wage now though. Even Walmart is starting people at 11+ an hour.
Can we take these shit comments back to /r/politics and actually have a finance discussion.
&gt In May 2016 members of the Theranos board of directors were:&gt Elizabeth Holmes, founder and CEO&gt Riley Bechtel, former Bechtel Group CEO&gt David Boies, a founder and the chairman of Boies Schiller Flexner&gt William Foege, former director CDC&gt Richard Kovacevich, former Wells Fargo CEO and chairman&gt Jim Mattis, later U.S. Secretary of Defense&gt Fabrizio Bonanni, former executive vice president of Amgenhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theranos
Housing has skyrocketed. Groceries have skyrocketed. Materials have skyrocketed.Minimum wage has been essentially stagnant, for decades.I wish our government would focus on the problem rather than the various bandaids.
I thought the goal was to raise enough people out of poverty to have *less* people using food stampsNot getting even more people on them
They are welcome to use THEIR FUNDS at their discretion. Food stamps are not THEIR FUNDS, they are for FOOD. If they want to buy crap they can get a JOB like those of us paying for their free ride.
My food prices have definitely gone up 25%, also first year since I’ve been at my job that we didn’t get a raise.I keep reading that all indicators are saying our economy is doing well. My economy is not doing well.
I’m not saying you limit it to rice and beans. I’m saying limit the junk food. SNAP literally says Nutrition in the name, so yes, items with no good nutritional value, like cake and cookies should not be available to have food stamps used on them. Also, Gums is debatably not even a food, so why is that eligible for food stamp use? Thankfully I live in a state where it is limited to non junk food, but I’d like for that to be a national thing. And I never said put the money into defense contracts, so thanks for putting words into my mouth, asshole. That money could easily be spent on climate research, and carbon emission reducing facilities. Or subsidizing social security and saving money for better healthcare coverage, because we need something similar to the NHS in Britain
Where does it say there’s no inflation?
Investing is a hedge against inflation.
Lol, yes because the only investments in this world are crypto, gold, and fiat.
cringe
Excellent!  And I'll tell you why.  This overlaps with the rental moratorium ending.  So if people are going to be homeless, at least make sure they don't starve.While this is morbid, it's far better than nothing.
They're not saying there's no inflation so this is a straw man
If only Mother Nature had given those fruits their own natural protection we wouldn’t have to use styrofoam n plastic to package the fruit.
Better than cutting taxes for people who don't need tax breaks. People on food stamps spend money immediately, and that helps the economy dramatically more than a millionaire "small business owner" who uses the tax break to save cash for himself rather than use it to increase wages for his employees.
It's common for people to lash out at short sellers as well but they play an important role in holding corporations accountable especially in situations where the government cannot or chooses not to do so.My go to example is what happened with Wirecard in Germany. Wirecard was a financial services company that was the darling of investors and politicians, who did not want any negative information to be published about it. Their protectiveness was so extreme that at various points the government actually banned short selling of its shares and launched a criminal investigation against journalists who reported negative information about the company.  In the end, it came out that Wirecard was a massive fraud (they had over a billion dollars worth of fictional assets on their books) and several of its principals ended up being charged with crimes for their role in the scheme. Short sellers and journalists uncovered this stuff before even Wirecard's big 4 auditor did and they were punished for trying to warn the public. Short sellers are sometimes scummy but they play a useful role in challenging the narratives being pushed by big corporations and investors. That doesn't make them angels but it would be foolish to discount them out of hand just because there's a profit motive.
Frauds get aggressively defensive when someone calls their bullshit.
"there is no inflation""This new $1.2 trillion infrastructure bill will reduce inflation"
I really believe that short selling at it's core is a key part of market efficiency. It rewards short sellers who do their research for exposing what is essentially fraud. Short sellers have gotten such a bad rep in the past year because you see on the news reports of malicious shorts or overlevered shorts where dozens of funds are all trying to pump the same name down. Hindenburg, Muddy Waters, etc all publish great research that have a massive amount of due diligence behind them and they should be rewarded for their work.
&gtThe strange thing is, who were these people that had their money in Nikola in the first place? The company was one giant text book red flag.Based on what I was seeing on Reddit, retail investors.
I love the idea that you can potentially find bullshit artists, prove (convince investors enough to move their money) they are liars and profit from it. The strange thing is, who were these people that had their money in Nikola in the first place? The company was one  giant text book red flag.
&gtThe activist short-seller behind Hindenburg Research has become known for research that sends companies’ stock sinking. He says he’s not in it just to move share prices.
This site has been going downhill like Facebook of old, will chug on with the masses but the UI is becoming intolerable and idk just the rewards and the gifs and subreddits being able to be boosted like discord just not really enjoying the direction. Not that I have a replacement in mind but if one pops up probably jump ship
its actually the worst i want it back the old way. who approved this shit, when i’m scrolling through a subreddit i don’t want random shit, i want the shit i was scrolling through.
"First order of business will be to make reddit shit. Redesign reddit, make it slower, less information, help it work for no one"
You really are the muff marauder
I'm glad Reddit starting directly hosting NSFW content again.Wall Street or somebody marketing Reddit's future IPO told Reddit to dump hosting NSFW directly so as to attract advertisers, so Reddit did.  Then Wall Street floated the OnlyFans IPO... a website that is almost exclusively NSFW content 😂After that, Reddit starting directly hosting NSFW content again.  Which is good as it will help expand the userbase.
If video is a major strategy, that explains their attempt at making the mobile app video player like fucking TikTok. It feels so out of place and irritating.
Reddit will use its new funding to further its international presence and explore more content types, co-founder and CEO Steve Huffman told CNBC on Friday. “First order of business is make Reddit awesome. Make Reddit faster, more relevant, help it work for more people,” Huffman said about the company’s plans on “TechCheck.” “And then we look to the future, so internationalization is a big effort of ours. Video will be another big effort of ours, so just same strategy. Just keep moving ahead.”
They could at least have paid for them, I’m sure some people have invested their life savings in these companies and they didn’t get a penny.
Higher education is often where people get grand ideas about things like democracy, free speech, etc. Controlling the schools means controlling the ideology. Consider who has been doing the protesting in Hong Kong, Tianamen, etc.
A one way trip to a pine box
[removed]
&gt 	an executive at Huaiyang No 1 High School, known for its stellar academic performance, said he had no problem donating the institution to the government because it was “in the public interest”.I have a feeling that if he told us how he really felt, he would earn a 1-way trip to a Chinese prison.
Who do you think owns most of the stocks? Hint: it’s not the poor people. A handful of retail investors cashing in is a footnote vs the massive wealth transfer from government to the wealthy resulting from stimulus and fed policy. The vast majority of the gains went to those who are already wealthy, as they’re who own most of the public equities.
Yes they also set rates but not the rates you see when you say apply for a mortgage. Like you said it's more the rates between a lender and a central bank. Quantitative easing is a tool they use in addition to setting rates. The process for ending their "stimulus" so to speak would be "talk of tapering"&gt"tapering"&gt"consideration of rate hikes"&gt"rate hikes". They like to move slow.
Yes because juicing the stock market helped improve income inequality. Dolt.
Okay I thought I had a grip on this but now I’m confused again. I’m assuming what they are referring to is tapering the quantitative easing exclusive of raising interest rates. What I’m not sure if though is if these levers are mutually exclusive. So reducing QE slows down the velocity of money from the source, bank lending, which in theory could raise rates. Do they also explicitly set the interest rates in addition to the buybacks? I’m somewhat familiar that it all stems from the amount of overnight lending and associated interest rates between a lender and the central bank. Someone please help.
Hooohooo are you scareeed now hoohooo? - JPOW*I hope they are scared now so I do not actually have to do it**Infrastructure bill, 3.5t, family benefits brrrrrr sounds*They wont give stimulus just fund the government deficit 💸
Limit stimulus for citizens or the banks they’ve been propping up for the past decade? Tough call
Have you never been on a college campus? That’s what most of the buildings at my school were named after.
Y'all need to take a step back and thing about how much opportunity exists by having a unique serial number token that is self-owned/managed and transparently auditable. Long term this will enable the reimagination of:- Titles/Property deeds- Reward/Loyalty systems- Delivery/Shipment tracking- etcThis whole NFT art thing is just a distraction from the real progress being made.
Especially using the peasants own money
Yeah let’s hope we can get the taxpayer money back where it belongs, in the hands of the ultra wealthy.
I think many people dont see the vakue in NFTs because all they see is what it is starting out as aka in the art world. But the applications can be far greater. Mainly in finance, commerce etc. Its too easy to say "this aint worth shit" when you dont think of the bigger picture.
A scrap of paper is a physical object. Its not even that
I feel like NFTs are a test to see just how dumb people actually are financially. We just keep lowering the bar, yet people still manage to squeeze under it somehow.
The fundamental problem with NFTs (in my opinion) is that they are *not* unique items. An important guarantee for an NFT is that no one else mints another NFT of the same item. For instance, take the "first tweet" NFT... that's pretty clearly somewhat unique? The Twitter CEO guy *seems* to be the only guy with the authority to mint such a thing? If someone else were to mint a "first tweet" NFT, no one would take it very seriously. Furthermore, the Twitter CEO guy probably has no interest in minting a duplicate, and even if he did, no one would probably take it very seriously.My question is: what if he says "I was held at gunpoint and issued the first one under duress, this new first tweet NFT is the real one". With stuff like a physical painting, there are legal processes, property rights, fraud protection, etc. That stuff, as far as I understand, does not exist with NFTs. I don't think this makes NFTs "scams", but I certainly think that it weakens their value proposition somewhat.
The only people buying extremely expensive NFTs are folks who are literally selling to themselves or their friends for the same reason ultra wealthy people buy "art" and claim its worth 6 or seven figures.  like you said they are only worth what people are paying, but lets be real, NFT collectable memes are exactly what it sounds like. a friggin meme
“People will never spend real money on virtual goods!”…Proceeds to write a $10 million check to have a hospital or university program named after them.
It’s just a way to expose the fraudulent art marketDemocratize it if you will
Yeah but a house is a "productive" asset.  And the Mona Lisa can't be perfectly replicated.  The underlying asset for a NFT is a infinitely and perfectly replicable piece of digital media, that you have no way easy way to sue over/produce products with.  It honestly seems the same as "owning" a star.
A mortgage is just a scrap of paper with an address on it. Both NFT and other contracts are valued based on the legal ownership. Sure, people can just copy your NFT, but people are also able to print out a high def copy of the Mona Lisa. That doesn't lower the value of the original, if anything it increases the value.NFT value is set by the free market. Assuming all the buyers don't know how NFT works is incredibly patronizing.I don't get it. The author doesn't get it. But the prices are what they are and people are happy to pay.
So like a college diploma?
Biggest scam of all, I can't believe actually fall for it.
I fucking hope
This has been my experience too. Btw, have you heard of moonpie? DM me and I’ll add you to my MLM pyramid crypto-scheme!Edit: we’re going to be rich!
Unfortunately, I don't think you're right. All the common man crypto buyers I've met seem to be neck deep into random alts their friends and social media people told them to buy!
Literally anyone who touches a dollar for a living is a hedge fund to them.
This headline is glorified click bait created by Old Wallstreet afraid that they can't charge $9.99 anymore per trade. DEMOCRACY &amp ACCESS FOR ALL!
&gt Let’s no even talk about option commissionsAnyone using fisher price free options brokers is getting shit fills. A trader pushing 10k contracts a month is probably going to be paying 0.40c per leg or so (queue the line of traders that negotiated ridiculously low rates, but I feel that's about the right figure). That goes for all brokers from big low cost vendors like IB/TWS to active shops like Centerpoint/Sterling. Yes better rates are available once you get closer to the Prime level, but that's explicitly because each customer is vetted and won't be sending shit, unpredictable flow through them like retail does.Getting good fills and reducing slippage  is an extremely important part of keeping a positive P/L when option trading. The market makers there are far more finicky than in the equity space and will pull bids out wide and wait 5-10 minutes to close back in again if you're on a smallcap. Anyone without level 2 who's just pushing out to mid through a free broker and hoping for the best as the broker sends them out to get scalped by intermediaries is paying more than the commission through slippage and bad fills.Not commenting on the rest of your comment, but free commissions are anything but. Retail would be far better off if routing orders to intermediaries for payment was transparently regulated and maybe just killed off for the most part. Yes, that would mean options probably cost a dollar or so for a roundtrip.
All things considering, crypto sees a higher pump and dump rate. Nothing is changing, thats my point.
In what reality where someone asks for a source or numbers equals being on a high horse? The fuck are you on? This is Reddit, someone made a claim, he asked for more info. If you’re not the guy he was asking, then why the hell did you answer?
Lol "Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and deserve to get it good and hard."  Robin Hood is the epitome of market democracy and I would question the motives of those who would deny people access.  How is "oh no, they'll trade wrong and against their true interests," any different from "oh no, they'll vote wrong and against their true interests?" It's not.  The question democracy solves isn't "What is right?" the question is "How do we decide what is right."  Let the people have a say in their financial future!
As a 16 year old kid opening my first account, I remember paying $7 a trade and I had $700 so I put it all in Denneys to avoid eating into my money. Joined Robinhood in 2015 because of the free trades and it sent me into a finance career. I do believe there’s value in “democratizing” finance the way Robinhood does it but yes, the whole system is scammy there’s a reason cryptos are growing rapidly as a substitute for these services...
I love this perspective. Most people don’t realize the impact because they started investing due to the pandemic. Bloomberg writer and OP looking for the clickbait appeal.
These are the same people that tells us we are too unsophisticated to buy stocks in startups if we don’t have $1M in assets, meanwhile, they’re buying stocks at $0.50 and selling them to us in the IPO at $50 but that’s to protect us from ourselves. Next they will have us maintain a minimum balance in order to vote, because we might elect the wrong person…
Not to mention their Crack down on crypto in exchange for PAC donations. We have legalized corruption.
Maybe it's my investment in GME that biases me, but this seems like a pretty disingenuous statement. Most people that frequent WSB, while they have little actual trading or investing knowledge, are smart enough to not throw away their rent money. Seeing a post reach the top talking about taking out loans for buying stocks and thinking that's an indication of the average members activity is a bit of a stretch.
I also hear them referring to private equity funds as “hedge funds” constantly
Ape: buy anywhere and HODL
I think the more interesting argument is that RH introduced a vast audience to investing far earlier than they would have been otherwise.No doubt many new, unsophisticated investors will be losing money. However, by the time these investors are in their 30s, they will have over a decade of experience, and valuable lessons — something they wouldn’t have had if RH had not existed.
Eh, I bought a few shares, if it goes down, fuck it. If it goes up, cool. I don’t need that money to pay my bills. It’s kind of fun to follow the drama compared to my boring index investing.
If you say market maker three times it summons the WSB hordes
Overall, people are better off due to no fee accounts, zero fee trading accounts, lower expense ratios for funds and ETFs.Do market makers take a tiny tiny chunk of every trade? Yeah. But they were doing that before, and they’re getting less per trade than 20 years ago.
Meanwhile US senators and house reps are committing classic insider trading every month, but that’s cool and fine, we have to protect the apes from themselves  👌
Stats man, what is a normal sophisticated trader survival rate in a washout? Genuine question.. looking to compare the equivalence in your statement
Nope, conveniently left out due to volatility.
based on their prophecies they seem to think they're all economists.
PFOF has nothing to do with front running. Nobody is paying money to be able to get ahead of a 2 share limit order. There are microstructure impacts from routing through market makers as opposed to exchanges, but they are higher order and have negligigble consequences for typical retail trader. I would say that if you can't explain why you think PFOF creates a conflict of interest, then you probably don't understand what it is. Bro.
*surprised pickachu face*
And entirely concentrated on short equity positions.
Recessions in this country are only allowed to occur on a president’s 2nd term
This is not new and these claims keep on being repeated. PFOF is a normal practice, it wasn't a problem until larger banks started to push back as they were losing clients to smaller brokerages that were cheaper.This is also why they donate to politicians to hinder the crypto movement.If you don't like it, go back to paying $8 per trade to boomer platforms that have done shady practices for many years, incl the unethical over draft fortunes that they bring in from poor people every day. Interesting how no one wants to point finger to the underlying cause of these issues, and instead looking for a scape goat. (See DTCC requirements, dodd frank, and Yellen the Degenerate)
&gt opening the door to people who otherwise would never have had access to the benefits of investingVanguard has been open to retail investors for quite some time. At least since 1997.
How is PFOF a problem? It lower costs for retail traders, and it makes it easier for market makers to provide liquidity. Seems like a win-win.
Dude, they call each other “retards” as a term of endearment
This title is horrible. This implies inflation rises 5.4% above the previous threshold. No it's stayed consistent. Core reading was .3%, this core strips out food and energy prices. Also rent increases of 1.9% on a yearly basis is intellectually dishonest from a methodology standpoint, as rent has actually increased 11% since January of this year.
Btc is up like 7600% over 5 years. Show me stock market returns like that and I’ll eat my shoe.
… both of which have seen tremendous gains in the last year. If the game is to make money then aren’t they winning?
Exactly, This headline is just a diversion to make people think meme stocks are the problem when really ALL trading is designed to  funnel money to the rich.
based on their insults, they seem to imagine the hedge fund industry to be substantially larger than it is.
That’s assuming wages or salary are tied with inflation. Unfortunately I’ve never seen this in private sector but would be happy to see examples of where this is done
They’re probably scared shitless as their overlord citadel might get ultra fucked by my boy GG. Rooting for you GG this market manipulation/tax evasion fuckery needs to end.
Seriously, if the squeezes got squeezed, why are we still hearing about this shit? The MSM usually has the attention span of a goldfish.
Most of them aren’t surviving minor downturns.They revel in their losses like pigs on shit.I think it’s beautiful, and I frequent their thread often.
This is the reality. Doubtful even 30% of the "apes" survive a washout in the markets. They have no idea what they are doing and assume GME is going to somehow circumvent loss of wealth when the market tapers.But, you can't say anything reasonable because you're a "hedgie." You get downvoted. You get death threats. It's like walking into an autistic day care.Good luck if you're one of the apes.
*Trading is a tough game. Don’t you think?*We could never make money without an investment “professional!”
They’re also obsessed with making sure us retail traders are seen as unintelligent
Idk why MSM is so obsessed with “meme stocks.”PFOF is the problem. PFOF would be the problem regardless of whether or not meme stocks existed.
Its not how it works. Just because people got laid off, left and right, it didnt affect the price of your iPhone that much. This time around we have the trifecta of shit: interest rates super low, USD in circulation increased by 40% in the last year alone and CPI is rising. I bet you my left nut that CPI is actually higher than the official numbers because they dont take into account 'shrinkflation' and the items can be substituted for 'equivalent' goods.&amp#x200BThis is uncharted territory for everyone, and the current models we have to predict future outcome cannot really account for something that never happened before.&amp#x200Blive and see what happens.
We haven’t had three straight months over 5 since just before the 2008 crash. *smiles nervously*
Well, if it is really a supply side shock  - as so many say - then it makes sense for Tyson to jack up prices greatly in the short term.Imo, we've basically seen depressed wages and poor working conditions in some of the sectors which are now undergoing large price shifts. These places couldn't even "afford" masks at the appropriate time last year (of course they could have - but did not).The rate of inflation should be transitory. Problems from extreme dichotomy in America are not.
Free money makes capitalism sad.There needs to be some bankruptcies and no more bailing out insolvent companies.
&gtthis is the kind of inflation that should matter, no?Agreed.  Cars/houses/etc certainly matter for inflation, but I'm more interested in general, frequent purchases like food and energy than the big ticket rarities.
It is going to become a runaway train by Q1, 2022.
Most of the $1.2T was already planned spending. Only something like $450Bish is actually net new and it’s over 10 years. $45B annual net new govt spend is a drop in a bucket
Yep. This is right. Transitory inflation, not transitory increased prices. A short period of 5% inflation isnt even all that bad (all borrowers should love high inflation). We had below 2 for a decade and everyone was complaining about how slow the 2008 recovery was. When we see 5% we are seeing economic growth happening. The trick is not letting it go out of control. But the Fed as a ton of tools to draw it back, and none to speed it up again. The quiver is loaded with ammo for high inflation, but they spent all their ammo rescuing this economy.
And if you are not getting at least 5.4% raise then you are taking a pay cut.
Good point. YoY variances need to consider a historical low Y1 data point
Yup. Inflation was something like 1% for the first few months of the pandemic.Didnt get over 2% until this past February/March 2021.
Lumber is down something like 75% from its peak back in May.Its up about 8% compared to pre-pandemic February peak.
Transitory refers to the rate of increase, not the total increase. In other words, the FED expects that price increases will slow down or even stop, but will not, for the most part, go back down.    On the other hand, persistent (non-transitory) inflation would just have prices rising at this rate for months or years.
There are a lot of world class experts working at the fed saying this is transitory, I just don’t see how this is transitory, seems pretty permanent to me. Please explain.
&gtPrices rose 5.4 percent in July compared to a year ago,as policymakers at the Federal Reserve and Biden administration grapple with how long — and how high — inflation could climb as the economy rebounds. Surging coronavirus cases and the spread of the delta variant weigh on the path forward, including in areas that have reimposed mask mandates or other restrictions. When it comes to the labor market, economists celebrated the 943,000 jobs added in July as hiring gained speed and employers raised wages to bring people back on the payrolls.
Hilariously the people who can and are paying are big businesses. Can’t wait for the article in 10 years bemoaning the death of small biz
UBI would only work if we simultaneously eliminated all other welfare programs along with the minimum wage.
Setting impossible goals is great because a) people pat you on the back for them and b) you have a good excuse for why you always fail.
How long till we see rent increase by about 1200 after this happens?
Wouldn't that just end up being corporate welfare?  Similar to Walmart employees having to use food stamps provided by the government.  Same here in the UK.  If you currently work you can get some money through the tax credits/universal credit system.  Kind of like cash back on paying some tax or no tax at all depending on the wage.  I've yet to see a business owner ever live on the same street as the employees can afford to live on.  that isn't to say that business owners shouldn't benefit from owning the business.  The distribution of wealth created should be shared to a higher %.
You’re looking at this backwards. If people are getting $1,200 a month businesses can pay less. You take the strain off business from having to pay wages higher than they can afford.
I would actually prefer that money go to universal health care.
The biggest free riders are corporations and the super rich. They underpay their employees, and then taxpayers subsidize those employee salaries with Medicaid and food stamps.
You're not wrong, but if a small business cannot pay a living wage, then they do not have a solvent business plan.
That salary shortage still makes a labor shortage. Only corporations are going to be able to pay a living wage, and they're going to shit on their workers. Once wages get bumped small businesses are going to go out of business because they won't have the capital to keep up and understand what the prices need to be. The problem is abdicate wanting everything the cheapest it can be.
But my bonuses will suffer!!
Either everybody gets $1200 a month or nobody does. I’m kind of sick of subsidizing everyone else working jobs with tip jars of or staying unemployed because they got more from stimulus money than income from work.
There’s not a labor shortage, there’s a salary shortage. Pay people a living wage and they will work.
Absolutely. Well said.
You can't print your way out of recession, but you can print your way to power.   That is the thing most politicians think of and this is tried and tested method for politicians in Asian countries.
Convince your government to stop meddling in finance. Let the market crash already.
Inflation as in CPI? Thats a manipulated statistic. Go check real housing, rent, and groceries.
I'm kind of curious how you're having a hard time finding a job. Literally every industry is hiring including office jobs that are offering work-from-home option.
So what should America do where the price has doubled without stimulus?
It's ok though because when they grow up they can just steal from their grandkids.
Yeah this reminds me how all of those people claimed the extra unemployment benefits (that often paid people much more for not working) wouldn’t affect people’s desire to work. Look how that turned out.
Sounds like it
That plan calls for repealing Medicare and social security. Do you really thing that’s a good idea? Pulling back on benefits to those who need to most, so that the middle class can get free money? Or do you not read the article you linked to?
Yea giving money to the poor= world ending inflation and the death of us all. Giving money to banks, auto manufacturers or any other businesses ane the massively rich=good things happen just trust us.
I don’t support this.I do support higher taxes on wealthy people.They’re two different things.
&gt the extent of which would be interesting to see.I would not like to see this experiment played out, the harms of such "good intentions" will take a long time to unwind.
Nationwide labor shortage and you want free printed money handed to everyone? Wtf
$1200 per adult, $600 per child, so $3600/month, or $43.2k for the family. Still quite a lot of money, but the difference is substantial. Your point is well taken though. Free money will definitely change its value, the extent of which would be interesting to see.
Something benefits people-	and how exactly are we to pay for this?Something kills people-	the discussion about if never even happens
&gt UBI has proven fairly effective in small test groupsIsn't that the problem, in small groups you're not changing the value of the money you give these people since the purchasing power is face value.  When you give this kind of money to everyone the value of the money is seriously degraded as it's purchasing power goes down.$1200/month/American would be $4800 for a family of four or $57k/year which is just below the current median household income.
So Yang's plan minus the Vat tax to pay for it?
The government and the rich have been printing wealth for a long time, yet it’s somehow a terrible idea when the poor want in.
Putting more money in an economy without increasing the amount of real value produced by that economy will make things in that economy cost more money.Is this idea somehow controversial? Am I missing something?
The housing situation has nothing to do with mid to low income dollars.
In case you weren’t paying attention, the government has rolled out a beta test of this program, and now housing has become even more unaffordable for most people.The number of dollars increased but the number of houses didn’t, so the number of dollars to acquire a house increased.
I was slightly worried about this for about 5 seconds until I realized Ilhan Omar proposed it. No worry about it passing
Its a new mindset, everyone deserves free money, everyone wants a bailout. Sadly nothing is free. You can't print wealth. All they're doing is taxing our savings.
Things are super fucked here in Canada. Trailers in middle of nowhere are going for half a million dollars.
This. While prices have dramatically increased for other reasons as well, this is most certainly a part of it. It’s amazing how people want to be controlled and taxed into oblivion. Why would anyone want to rely on the government to do good by you?  If it isn’t obvious that the politicians in America and across the globe seek to control everything, then people need to open their eyes and wake up. It’s ALWAYS rules for thee, but not for me. And people just eat that shit up bc it’s somehow in their mind part of the “greater good”Its astonishing how pathetic this sub is. The amount of people in here giving their “educated opinions” about finance when they can’t even support themselves is amazing.
Because it’s fucking stupid lol
Here in Canada they started doing this at the start of the pandemic, they called it CERB. What was the result? The price of EVERYTHING went up by alot. Rent doubled in some places. You can't print your way out of a recession. Its not about money, its about purchasing power. The more they print = the lower your purchasing power = the more expensive things cost.
Would that it were so, but all of a sudden your expenses will rise by 1200.
Your future grandchildren and great-grandchildren don’t vote yet. We’ll foist the cost on them!
Jokes on you, your landlord will just bump up the rent when your lease is up.
Technically, that's not true at all. Between inflation, currency devaluation, and increased taxes - the common man is going to get the shit end of this deal as they always do. This is an incredibly dumb idea.
Nothing is *free*. The question we have to ask is what is the *real* cost of these checks and *who* pays for them…
This is a terrible idea.
Interesting idea. UBI has proven fairly effective in small test groups, jury seems to still be out on whether it would be effective on such a large scale. Also, seems unlikely to pass, but it is noteworthy that it's even gained any traction.
Things that’ll never happen for $500.
Well I would expect someone who has been Sec. of Treasury, Member of the Fed, Vice-Chair of the Fed, President of the fed and who has a Phd in Economics from Yale to have some options
Come on. We *all* know she'll be set up for life after her time in political office is over. Of course it's not happening right now, but the day she leaves office...well you know.
In addition to the other comment about her not taking money while Secretary of the Treasury, she earned even more from Citi, but I guess that's not clickbaity enough?
This headline's extremely dishonest.  Read the actual filing:[https://mk0thetokenist81xfs9.kinstacdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/Yellen-Janet-L.-final-278.pdf](https://mk0thetokenist81xfs9.kinstacdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/Yellen-Janet-L.-final-278.pdf)She hasn't accepted any payments since becoming secretary of the treasury: lumping it in as "over the last 2 years" as if she's still been actively doing it this year is dishonest.For a bit of an overview of her employment, feel free to check wikipedia:  [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Janet\_Yellen#After\_the\_Federal\_Reserve\_(2018%E2%80%932020)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Janet_Yellen#After_the_Federal_Reserve_(2018%E2%80%932020))That isn't to say that she is \*not\* corrupt, but she's not taking money while holding office as the headline implies.
Nice democracy ✅
I swear its always Citadel that doing this stuff
Our government is a crime syndicate
You can always make more money, you can’t necessarily get back control.
The only problem with intrinsic value is that it requires me to know the future (to work out the true value of future cash flows and how to discount them).  If I can see into the future I may as well save myself time and observe future asset prices (or lottery numbers) and skip the hassle of cashflow discounting.
Dividends, and selling covered calls.
Unfortunately, buy and hold is the only way to consistently win. With main indices that is….
Buy low, sell high. If only it were that easy.
“Xi is swinging the cudgel of state power in support of the squeezed middle class.”Yeah I fail to see how this is a bad thing.
I can’t believe I would be saying this for Xi’s decision. Appreciate the move. Education should not be treated like a business. It should the treated as an equitable right to all. Incompetence, profiteering and money grabbing has no place in education system. After all whole country’s future depends on it rather than of just a selected few.
I’ve been doing private tutoring with chinese clients for the last 4 years. Still kinda sucks to have my job ripped out from under me like that. I kind of get it, though. I have parents ask me if their 10 year old can have class at 11pm. Those same kids are doing badminton, piano, signing, calligraphy, guitar, and math after-school classes. It’s absurd.
Why blaming the players and not the game? The market demand is there, businesses just provide the supply.
I definitely don't think it's a zero sum game but I wouldn't exactly say they have both money and control. "Chinese Premier Li Keqiang said China still had 600 million people whose monthly income was barely 1,000 yuan ($154)"https://www.bbc.com/news/56213271President Xi doesn't seem to be some kind hearted benevolent leader from what I read, so maybe you're right but it seems the good of society isn't a factor. The control of society seems to always be the point. 600 million people living on $154 a month is not a sign of a great economic leader to me, despite how far they've come.
The headline frames it as a capitalist smack down but the article presents it as an attempt by Xi to address rising income inequality and  rising costs of health care, education and housing while challenging the growing power of tech monopolies.  It sounds like the same problems the US needs to solve.  It will be interesting to see if he is successful
Not accurate at all, I work for an education company in China and that’s exactly what we do.  The whole idea for training school services is to give the kids an opportunity to have “western” education without going overseas and from a very very early age. Parents will expressively say “I want my kid to be able to think like an American kid.”
Isn’t this still treating the symptoms rather than the disease. The problem is that there are not enough quality universities so parents have to compete for their child to gain admission. Banning private tutoring companies is only going to benefit the wealthy who can hire 1-to-1 tutoring.
If that were the case China would abolish their citizens registry card which records where you were born and if it’s in the countryside your opportunities are limited. The reason for the crackdown on for profit education institutions is because the CCP wants more babies and education costs are a big reason why families aren’t having more than 1 kid. This is just a survival strategy for the ruling party
I don't see a lot of examples of China choosing money over control. When it comes to their economy they seem to almost always choose more control over more money.
https://archive.is/Lw3Lm
I lived in China a few years. It’s a harsh move but something needed to be done I guess. Unlike in Europe (where I live now) kids spend a lot more time studying after class. Going to tutors AFTER school, that’s like 6-8pm instead of playing with friends outside. And weekends is always booked for additional classes. 🤔 I used to have 2 classes on saturdays  😂😂.
Because if there is a government dedicated to fighting intra-national classes and ensuring the kid on the farm gets a “fair shake“, it’s China.
I don’t think that’s it. Private tutoring in China isn’t to help the students critically think. It’s to make sure they can pass the exams required to get into the best middle schools, then high schools, then ultimately universities through the National entrance exam. It was supposed to even the playing field, giving the kid from a farm the same “opportunity” as a city kid, but it turns out the wealthy simply hire the best tutors who have studied how to pass these exams.
Is that really why they’re dumping private tutoring? I think the stated reason is to avoid the financial burden and educational inequality that comes from an extracurricular academic arms race. Understandable that parents of middle class means want to give their child every opportunity and are being charged a fortune in the process. It’s not like the tutors spent time on “tenants of democracy”, they were tutoring in the same academic subjects and concepts that are taught in school or tested on state sanctioned exams. Don’t see the subversive aspects of that…
Whataboutism? Good one.
The article says they don't want private tutoring as teaching should be done by the state. It's so they can continue to feed their population propaganda while making it harder to critically think.
Even just fixing REGSHO would be a start
wild view, but what if this is actually a great move? i'm curious what the long term outcome will be, but it sounds like China is trying to avoid something like "inner city" schools in America.
Shilling for big business as is tradition
No kidding. Also, what's going on with this sub?
They do pay *some* taxes.Payroll taxes, state and local taxes, the products they buy have federal taxes built into the prices.But direct federal income tax? Barely if any
Hmmm. Aren’t we still in debt and a deficit?  Don’t think it freed anything
Makes sense. Lots of the companies in her portfolio are being propped up by the inflows from her etf. A decrease in growth or a spike of interest rates could floor that. Even a loss of consumer risk appetite could set that off.
This entire student Loan scam is a joke. Student loans should be capped at like 2%.   While we have  had the loan repayment pause my wife had paid down 10k in principle on her loans.  Loans from the  sallie Mae site start at 3.5% and go to 11%.  There lies the problem.
If you’re going to have interest free loans, might as well be for education.
Many struggling grads with crushing debt were given the impression that some debt forgiveness was going to happen.People can argue the right and wrong of debt forgiveness all day long, but the Democrats did lay the hope down pretty thick. So many of those degree holding college educated types that voted for Biden (according to every poll out there) are going to feel less inclined to show up in 2022.
Med school loans while in residency are no joke
I’m saving almost 20k in interest for this moratorium so I can’t complain
What’s scary is that some are better off with no loan interest for 1.5 years than they are getting $10k off the loan amount.Assuming it was either or, but not both
Biased, but im not mad haha. Another 4 months of interest free payment free loans
I've just been enjoying the lack of interest. It'd feel great to pay em off but I can get more return by investing my cash. In no real rush to pay them off
"Final" just like the mortgage forbearance.
Makes me regret moving my student loans to a private company. Would have loved to just be paying down my loans without interest currently. Luck of the draw I guess.
I read somewhere that it goes to people with disabilities/handicaps first. If you have neither, you get $0. I’ll have to try to find the article again.
Where TF my $10K forgiveness at?
Yes please. Three more payments directly towards the principle.
&gt What will take the minds off the European markets? Let’s talk shit about the Asian markets.What a weird take on someone who is paid to analyse Asian financial markets... talking about Asian financial markets.
Meanwhile, Vietnam only has 1% vaccination rate, and the virus is now spreading like wildfire in Saigon. I wouldn’t bet on Vietnam right now.
Your fascination with labels is admirable.
I don’t really think this is talking shit… this is just an opinion piece about how some people think COVID will impact the market going forward
Not really a surprise. Japan is the second biggest Asian economy and still has problems with COVID due to slow vaccinations. And there also numerous other well-known problems with the Japanese market.Its only logical that countries like Vietnam will be not as hard hit as Japan if there are losses in the all Asian Marketa (Vietnam has a much higher growth potential)
On brand
All to own the libs.  I feel sorry for the idiots who keep electing these cruel leaders… but then again, I don’t.
So are they just going to extend it until winter hits and evict people into the cold/snow? Dark days ahead.
Ah, so they are cheating. Nice.
Hey. Any finance calculator will give you 3.6%. Some others have also provided that value.Basically The bank is equating 10000 with 36 future payments of 500 each. This effectively means that the present value of these 36 payments is equal to 10000 for the bank. However each payment of 500 is not equal in value. Due to time value of money, the first payment is much more valuable than the last payment.In essence,10000 = 500/(1+r) + 500/(1+r)^² + ...... + 500/(1+r)^³⁶ Solving for r gives us 3.6%Now, the second step is to calculate the effective annual rate. Since the payments are monthly, the interest is compounded monthly too.So, the effective annual interest is (1+3.6%)^¹² - 1 = 52.88%Hope this clarifies it further for you. :)
The answer is 3.6% per month compounded monthly. The effective annual rate is 52.8803%.It is basically an IRR problem. Once you get the IRR which is 3.6%, you know that it is being compounded monthly, so you use (1+3.6%)^12 to get the EAY
That still leaves 2/3 Americans who don't lease their cars, and many people want a lower monthly payment, not a higher one.  I would love an EV, but the price holds me up.  $20k price for a solid EV and I'm there, but until then, I'm holding off.  Still driving my 13-year-old Nissan in the meantime.
I suspect, there will be a tipping point (maybe in 5-7 years), once economies of scale are reached in battery tech and or EV production in general.. Reality is EV's are simpler vehicles to build and a lot of the economies of scale that went into ICE autos will soon happen to EV's ..
Are they demanding them? see a lot of gas using pickups everywhere, along with mercedes and bmw cars
This is the real issue. I would love to get an EV, but I am not a car guy so I have absolutely 0 interest in any practical EV strictly due to costs
Good luck convincing the consumers to buy a $35k+  EV. the market is flooded with cheap used gasoline car. I’m poor and I still drive my 15+ year car.
50% is incredibly weak. By then consumers will be demanding EVs. Already are.
Almost every major manufacturer has a fully electric model for sale right now and some, like Audi, have pledged full electric by 2025 (or 26, can't remember). 50% EV by 2030 doesn't seem too unreasonable given this.
Let’s ignore our own house fire because our neighbors house is bigger and also on fire! The best way to force China to clean their house is by being part of the solution ourselves. No one is going to just take your car tomorrow, in fact you driving it into the ground is probably pretty environmentally sound. By the time it’s all worn down the infrastructure will also have been solved.
Look at the details, it includes hybrids.
Anything… not from Tesla praising Tesla?
So, I’m on board the EV bandwagon, 100%. But ever since I read the Toyota piece, I have been wondering… do we have enough resources to make all of the required batteries / infrastructure and still be cost effective?Not to mention… what do we do with these spent batteries once they’re done? Have we thought ev lifecycles through? Otherwise I’d imagine millions of car battery cells will cause a massive ecological headache in 20-30 years when they’re all spent.
Is that even possible considering the amount of recourses needed?
This is a well known phenomenon called tech leapfrogging.  Basically there were no entrenched Wells Fargos (or whatever huge bank) and the Thai (or whatever developing country) implements all the new tech instead of ancient mainframes that the western world uses.
And yet, * ACH takes days and days* Wire transfers cost more than they should* Checks are still sent to merchants when using online bill pay"New" technology being run on an outdated infrastructure that hampers any new way of doing anything. All of these banks that claim to be more "efficient" are nothing more than lipstick on a pig.
Look at Wal Mart's parking lots via satellite imagery to compare with previous years.
I work in sell side equity research. We essentially just model out the company’s financial statements. It’s honestly just understanding accounting and making sure that projected revenues and costs are accurately flowing though the IS, BS, CF. Once that is done, you try to model out revenue and COGS via various business drivers. For example, if you cover oil, you make educated assumptions about how much volume a company could produce in a given quarter, their price per unit and their cost per unit. This can come from third party sources (commodity prices for example) but we also rely heavily on company disclosed guidance. Most variables will not be disclosed/guided though, so you do rely a lot on the analysts knowledge of the company/industry. You can typically get pretty close to the actual reported figures if you know the company well and have a good model that captures all of the moving parts.
The Chinese crackdown is on tech stocks. Tech stocks are newer and are listed on US exchanges. Domestic Chinese stocks are older, more boring, and listed on Chinese exchanges. It's sort of like comparing the Nasdaq (relatively more tech stocks) to the NYSE (relatively more value stocks). There are other possible explanations, but this one is the simplest.
Play stupid games win stupid prizes
I think due to speculation that these stocks will be banned from being traded on us exchanges
Why such a big difference between this index of US-listed chinese stocks they mention, and domestic Chinese stocks? F.ex. the shanghai index is barely down at all.
Yes, die trash. 😈
Took me five seconds to send the message, not too upset about taking the shot in the dark
Seen weirder on here.
Yeah, and he is going to call in a favor for a guy that responded to him on Reddit
But putting *all* the traders on vacation at the same time doesn’t fix that issue.The point is for trader B to cover for trader A and discover any discrepancies.However, for this firm in the article, their reasoning for this week off is not that purpose. *everyone* is off so that no one will feel like they need to be working, or that they are missing out by not working. They’re not trying to catch malfeasance.
When I worked for a bank this was required. I had to take one continuous week off a year at minimum. I was only a teller too.
Same, but I’d bet every penny I have that this ain’t a “hey we really value you and your time, take a mental health week” gimmick.
You are misunderstanding this person.  Most banks (at least the BBs) give folks in the US 5-6 weeks of PTO.  The original commenter is saying some firms require you to take 2 weeks off consecutively as a mitigation for fraud/operational risk.
I think your'e misunderstanding my point. E.g. in the UK you have 5weeks+ of statuatory vacation, but various signifcant harm trading roles require that each year you take a 2week contiguous holiday -- as one measure to detect malfeasance.
&gt Everyone switching off at the same time means people will be able to relax fully, knowing that developments at the office will not interrupt their vacation, the first source added.I hated this about investment banking. It meant you never knew if you had time off until it was over, so it was really never time off. Luckily, the guys who ran the hedge fund I went to also hated that about banking, so the culture was great from that standpoint. I was never bothered by anyone during my vacations.
2 weeks vacation a year is so inhumane.  I get it, companies can do whatever, find another job, blah blah.  But the reality is the majority or low to middle income jobs have little incentive to offer more.  It's a basic human necessity to be able to take a break, spend time with family, do whatever.  One week every six months?  Fux that.
"...we're done training and back-testing the algorithm. We just need 7 days to see if it's ready this time. Holding fingers it doesn't do what it did in '08 🤞🏻"
Take the week off so we can shred stuff ...marge is on the phone!
They did send everyone on vaca.For R&ampR.The point wasn’t to uncover malfeasance. It was to give everyone a break.
I mean, they have $100mil USD under management per employee. I don’t think that most of them are going to be hurting booking a last minute trip haha
Right, but for /u/peelboy not everyone goes at the same time.That way someone needs to do the work of the person on vaca.
It's simper to require that everyone has a 2w+ holiday per year though.
BBBB for those nights so super tight
It's a joke, don't get your Brooks Brothers boxer briefs in a twist.
would be even nicer to have notice to plan a trip
Yes because embezzling is done on paper, with shady late-night parking lot meet ups. Because this is still the 80s
It’s a PE firm, not a trading firm. At least learn the different types of institutions if you’re gonna make comments
My brothers work used to do this but not all at the same time.  They did this to see if there are any irregularities that change when individuals are gone.
Its a wall street firmIt literally says it in the title. "wall street firm". It does not say all of wall street.
Oops, someone's embezzling. Time to dig through some desks!
Good time for upper management to fire up the shredders. /sI know nothing about stated firm's business.
This is the kind of employee appreciation that should happen. Donut trucks are cool, too, but this is pretty nice.
Sounds like you are accusing them off misogyny out of the blue... I'm with you on the rest though
Did she not expose financial corruption??&amp#x200B&gtReporters used the confidential material to reveal “for the first time   in forensic detail how powerful global banks knowingly profit from   corruption and how authorities around the world allow the dark economy   to flourish,” said one of the reporters involved.  &gt  &gtIn the wake of the reporting, reforms were made around the world, Congress   passed the Corporate Transparency Act, and the reporters came close to   winning a Pulitzer Prize.  Did your brain just skip over this part when you heard there was a non-compliant, non-submissive woman involved?
Did you even read the article? She didn't do anything good. The documents that she released had nothing to do with any wrongdoing that she was claiming. She released unrelated, protected documents. She deserves time in jail.
So I'm unfamiliar with this, but per the article, nothing of the confidential documents she released had anything to do with the Federal wrongdoing she was concerned about and those documents were protected because they both contained personal information that had not been tied to wrongdoing and were being used in secret investigations of the people involved... so her release let the supposed wrongdoers know what the government was doing in their investigations?  Nothing about this seems good or heroic, it seems kinda nuts and generally vindictive because something she thought was wrong was investigated and not found to be wrong... What am I missing here?
“When Natalie Mayflower Sours Edwards first suspected wrongdoing, she went to her superior at the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. She then complained to the agency’s inspector general, filed a whistleblower complaint and ultimately went to Congress.” They did nothing so she turned to journalists. Now she’s being punished for doing the right thing.
&gtAsked why she decided to release the information [...] “Your Honor, I am an Indigenous Matriarch Warrior whose spirit cannot be broken. I am from the Algonquin Nation, Powhatan Confederacy, Chickahominy Tribe. I was born a citizen of Turtle Island, commonly referred to as these United States of America in 1978.”Solid 10 for doing the right thing despite knowing the possible consequences, but... Wow.
THIS is what the ppresidential pardon is for. Not promoting cronyism.
Ah yes, I would prefer politicians control monetary policy with their political science degrees over economists.
Skip the article and go directly to the comments. Your funny bone will thank you.
So how do we make money off this knowledge
Wait till the lambda variant gets going. It’s gone From Peru to Houston.
World is buckling over, stocks continue to all time highs, rich gets richer, story of this crazy world.
Can't stop won't stop.
Idk why you’re getting down voted when it’s 100% true. Increased rain, with loads of unpredictability, and increased heat in areas that aren’t used to it. What more do we need?
I mean, the earth is literally burning up right before our eyes dude. It’s not THAT dramatic.
Not just Mother Nature but human nature as well. It’s not as if all the construction planned for 2020 got completely scrapped and it’s not as if new projects aren’t getting started. Either demand needs to go down a lot more or supply^ needs to boom to compensate for the postponed supplies + current demand.^ supply doesn’t necessarily mean production, I know a lot of supply companies in my area started gathering a stockpile at the start of covid. it would honestly astound me if the global players haven’t, but I’ve been wrong plenty of times before.
Welcome to the new normal. Folks denying the virus is deadly , helping it mutate. Folks not believing in climate change, getting flooded.
The ability to supply has buckled.  Unless we make some drastic changes to how we live our daily lives, this will continue to get worse and worse.  Mother Nature is quite literally revolting against us.
Because they’re still comfortable. Wait till the end of summer when reality sets in.
Give it a month or two.
It's "Transitory" :3
I'm sure it's from a legit american non-bot account each time
Cool, only the millionth time this has been posted this week.
China will probably never forget Opium Wars, I don’t expect they will back down after that humiliation from western powers.
Like you said, 40 years of lazy policies are hard to overcome. I’d love for us to reverse course but it would take almost a decade of **CONSISTENT**  policy to progress. Which would mean both left and right politicians working together and I just dont see that happening anymore.
Saving the CCP...too many Chinese people are understanding capitalism might be better for their overall well being.
Because none of you apparently understand how politics works.He cares about control, more than money.  Like Putin, it's a calculated move, to keep oligarchs on a short leash.  Xi knows money will always be inherently flowing to China because of the economic and industrial position (disparity) generated by over 40 years of lazy and complacent western policies towards them.  Now he wants to jerk the chains of anyone who could challenge or contradict him - see Jack Ma, and every Chinese celebrity/actor/singer/media personality who got blackbagged for tax fraud in the last few years.  The question is - when/if he oversteps?  Obviously some western politicians are making noise about Chinese behavior in the last while during/since COVID, but will any tangible change come of it?
My guesses, not an expert:-	Maintain control of companies. Much easier with mostly Chinese owners. -	possibly promote competition. The same reason the US broke up companies long ago. -	maintain control of data on citizens-	power trip?
Cracking down on your tech sector for no real reason is bad for investment in your tech sector. Whodathunk?
What the hell is the endgame here for Xi anyways? Stifling global investment?
You're a CCP shill or just a moron. Your post history you claim to be a non-westerner in one post, and then claim to be American in another post (while touting China), and then claim to be Dutch in another post, and then claim to live in Hong Kong (while touting how HK is part of China), Monaco, and Switzerland. Given your number of posts in r/sino, I'm just gonna go with CCP shill.
You do realize you are a 2021 idiot, right?
No, China is a third world country that has perpetuated IP theft, human rights abuses, and most recently a global pandemic.There’s no such thing as racism against countries. Chinese domiciled companies are uninvestable. Sorry but Charlie Munger is a washed up old man. It’s not even worth the click to watch the video. Keep trolling
Hi CCP
And this ladies and gents is why we don’t invest in China
But imagine if they didn’t have to have meetings and could just look at whatever they want like in China. I’m not saying it’s perfect here but not quite as dystopian.
Condescension with nothing of substance lmao. Care to expand a little? I can't think of ways in which private corporate data collection is worse than government data collection
Yeah, Facebook is just using our data to sell us crap. China uses its people’s data to keep them in line.
Its not that they are "getting too big to be threatening", its that the CCP doesn't get to control it. A government controlled big tech is infinitely more terrifying.
"Regulators are weighing a range of potential punishments, including a fine, suspension of certain operations **or the introduction of a state-owned investor**" Mystery solved.  Crime:  Failing to let Pooh in on the hustle.
Between this and Alibaba the CCP is showing Big China Tech they will come down hard before they get too big to pose a threat. The US has let Silicon Valley run the show for the last 25 years and their influence over everything is continuing to grow.
I dunno, if UBER and LYFT were disclosing the number of trips government officials took which DIDI was, and DIDI ignored warnings to A) resolve concerns and B) delay, then this just speaks poorly to the management team, who allowed  these regulatory concerns to compound and bent down to their venture capital/institutional investors.
"I liked the stock"
Where are the people that bought this? Seriously, I want to know your rationale.
for what its worth, I think the feds definition of persistent inflation is measured in quarters not months.  if 2022 inflation is trending above 5% annually after Q1, it would look persistent, after Q2 I personally would call it persistant.
7.44% when compounded monthly :(
To put this in context, in 2019 and 2020, annual inflation was 2.3% and 1.4%
Is this the one with "Community adjusted EBITDA"?
From Matt Levine, the best.    Son: What does your company do?    Neumann: We lease office buildings, spruce up the space and sublet it in small chunks.    Son: Hmm I invest in visionary tech stuff, this doesn’t really sound like my thing.    Neumann: Did I mention we are a state of consciousness. A generation of interconnected emotionally intelligent entrepreneurs.    Son: Okay yeah that’s more like—    Neumann: The world’s first physical social network. We encompass all aspects of people’s lives, in both physical and digital worlds.    Son: You’re crazy! I love it! But could you be, say, ten times crazier?    Neumann: You’re going to invest $10 billion in my company, which I will use as kindling to light the whole edifice on fire, and then when we are both standing in the ashes you will pay me another billion dollars to walk away while I laugh at you.    Son: All my life I have dreamed of meeting someone as crazy as you, but I never really believed this day would come.     Neumann: I’m gonna use your money to buy a mansion with a room shaped like a guitar, where I will play the world’s tiniest violin after all your money is gone.     Son: YES PUNCH ME IN THE FACE.    Neumann: Also I’ll rename the company “We” and charge it $6 million for the name.    Son: RUN ME OVER WITH A TRUCK.
I knew some people at WeWork. I asked one about what happens in a downturn. He said that we are positioned to do really well in a downturn because large corporations will want out of their big spaces and into more flexible options. I then asked if he knew that was total bs and he said absolutely. I really enjoyed my time as a tenant.
Because the moment there’s a downturn, your sublet payments evaporate, especially as wework was appealing to startups reliant on venture funding. Plus inevitably you’re going to get caught in the gap between short term sublet payments and long term lease obligations, and it’s a very copyable business model without any real economies of scale. Regis does this as a sustainable business, but it’s never going to be some startup exit opportunity
Because as soon as the people who own the places realise they can copy your business model and cut the middle man, some of them will
Woof
WeWork can suck it. I used to use a great service in nyc… I can’t even remember the name of it…Spacious!!! But, basically, restaurants that normally open from 5pm for dinner service would let remote workers use their tables and booths as work spaces. It was awesome. The restaurants were always super fancy - they got a kickback and visibility for allowing us in there. And it was cheap - $29/mo, I think. Free wifi, hot tea and outlets everywhere. Then WeWork bought it and drove it into the ground. It was sad. I really liked being able to work in different area around the city.
It was gonna collapse because subletting a lease into smaller pieces is a doomed business model. Subletting a space you own is a very different business, but also doesn’t give you lofty tech company valuations
You're right. I actually like the basic idea behind WeWork -- they are/were taking over a lot of the overhead involved in maintaining office space and letting people rent out a suite of services on demand similar to AWS. If Neumann was just using the tech company fluff to get money from investors to make his idea work, he probably would have succeeded. But he bought into his own hype and started doing random things, acquiring companies that didn't add any value, branching out with vanity projects like WeGrow, etc. People often compare WeWork to Theranos. For me the key difference is that Theranos is overtly fraudulent. The underlying premise behind the business was not possible the technology was fictional and no amount of money or management skill would have made it work. The basic premise behind WeWork isn't crazy, or even new. Someone else could have done a version of that without all the silly stuff and been fine. Even after the IPO fiasco, they brought in some experienced managers to replace Neuman and things are obviously going better then they are for Theranos.
*Seems like*?&gtNeumann's long list of conflicts (he rented properties to WeWork), and — glaringly — a two-sentence disclosure that WeWork had purchased the trademark to the word "We" from a Neumann-run entity for $5.9 million in stock.Ron Howard: "It was."
I don't think Adam Neumann really cares, his $750 million dollar net worth probably made up for it.
They were essentially trying to do for commercial real estate what cloud computing has done for IT: remove friction, reduce overhead for the customer, standardise access, and provide flexibility to scale up and down based on current demand. And as AWS et al have demonstrated, companies are even willing to pay a premium for that. In theory it should be possible to make the WeWork business model work. But you are right, of course, in that they did not deserve their insane valuation, and their execution was woefully lacking, too.
Yeah I was literally just thinking this when my employer announced they were downsizing and selling a floor of our office building because too many people preferred remote work. I was sick of my apartment and I would gladly pay a couple hundred a month for a private little office in my cities CBD. I was surprised that WeWork was still around.
That's actually a legitimate business (it's not that different fromRegus and similar companies), but it's not a tech company and doesn't warrant that insane valuation. I'd argue that no business is really worth that multiplier on earnings, but definitely not a property management company.
obliterated $40 billion in value"No, the valuation was not obliterated, the valuation was corrected to a sane number.
You don't think there's value in a hip middleman leasing properties and subletting them with the promise of kombucha?
You cannot obliterate value that was never there, you simple discover the grift
Funny thing is that if they had started with a more competent and less shady CEO, they'd probably do pretty well right now. With the rise in remote work, I could see more companies preferring flexible office leasing like WeWork provides. Instead Neumann has really destroyed the brand, and Sandeep has his work cut out for him.
Are you kidding me? Yeah.. the value never existed in the first place.
Last summer I used to listen to the podcast Foundering from Bloomberg, which covered in 6 episodes the story of WeWork. Pretty interesting how a promising company could fall so fast. The story also shares many features with the worst ethic and the laziest capitalism around the startups' environment, those features could also be found in Theranos and in part in the book Uncanny Valley.  Anyway, here is the podcast: https://www.bloomberg.com/foundering
&gtInstead, negative press was mounting as the hours ticked away, skewering WeWork for its hefty losses ($1.6 billion), the kooky language in its financial document (it was dedicated to "the energy of we"), Neumann's long list of conflicts (he rented properties to WeWork), and — glaringly — a two-sentence disclosure that WeWork had purchased the trademark to the word "We" from a Neumann-run entity for $5.9 million in stock.&gtOn the phone, Neumann screamed at copresident Jen Berrent, who, along with CFO and copresident Artie Minson, was helming the IPO. The trademark fuss in particular had blindsided him.&gtWhy didn't you tell me, he yelled.&gtNeumann was a laughingstock, and he wasn't taking it well.
Free government cheese is the BEST kind of cheese
There was a recent Odd Lots podcast episode with the CFO from Omni Hotels &amp Resorts. He shared that the biggest change they saw with the elimination of the big unemployment plus ups in Texas &amp Florida was a close to 500% increase in application volumes for vacancies. Regardless, they're still unable to fill out there staffing. People just don't want to work shitty jobs for low pay where they're also still at risk for COVID.
Your quote is saying that people joined the labor market on the supply side, what the article title is saying is that there was no increase in demand/hiring in those states. That’s kind of what critics of these states are saying, that ending the UI wouldn’t increase hiring, just more people would be out their employment insurance benefit.
Thanks for bringing this up super high guy. I think the same thing: free fucking federal dollars and you wanna give that up?
Even if it's not being spent in local stores, it is giving people a materially better quality of life. I think it's quite vindictive to take away this welfare from people to goad them into starvation wages regardless of it being quite economically inept
Maybe I’m just super high instead of regular high, but the wording in this article is atrocious.Unrelated, (as a Coloradan) I read a local article about our governor not wanting to end the federal unemployment benefits early because the state would stand to lose, I believe, 600 million dollars in federal dollars. Like, if the federal government is gonna hand your state free cheese- I’m not mad. At a federal level, our government wants to give these benefits to people, who will in turn (hopefully) spend that in their local stores.
Since you’re posting excerpts from the article:While that may indicate the withdrawal of benefits is having some of the impact intended by the governors who cut off the stipend, and causing more people to seek employment, the numbers are small in a national labor force of 161 million and come with a cautionary note: Job gains in both groups of states were roughly the same.That could be the result of lagging data, since the survey that produces national and state job estimates ended its June round before the benefits actually ran out in most of the states planning to end them early.Report adBut it could also mean the process of matching employers and employees remains sluggish compared to the large numbers of posted job openings and the large numbers of unemployed - a fact some economists say could mean the benefit cuts may merely end up reducing family income."We find only a marginal effect" of the benefit reductions on labor supply and employment, wrote Gregory Daco, chief U.S. economist at Oxford Economics. "As such, benefits discontinuation may end up doing more bad on the personal income ledger than good on the employment ledger of the economy."Goldman Sachs economists also found little evidence yet that the cessation of benefits across a group of mostly Republican-led states was having much impact on labor markets that continue to puzzle Federal Reserve and other officials.Continuing claims for unemployment insurance are dropping faster in the states ending benefits, a sign that people may be moving into jobs.Report adBut based on the available data, "on net ... benefit expiration did not provide a boost to June employment," Goldman Sachs economist Ronnie Walker wrote recently. The full impact of the policy change, however, will not be "fully visible" until state-level jobs data for July is released in mid-August.At that point, the additional federal unemployment benefit will be nearing its national expiration. Coupled with the reopening of schools, that is expected to give a clearer view of how fast U.S. employment might regain the jobs lost at the onset of the coronavirus pandemic in the spring of 2020.So far, Bank of America economists wrote last week, the experiences in states ending benefits early "suggest more generous benefits did not have a strong negative impact on employment ... Labor constraints could persist beyond the fall" when the benefits expire nationally.
The article seems to indicate that there WERE employment benefits in these states. Are we reading the same article?    "U.S. states putting an early end to federal unemployment benefits saw a larger jump in local labor supply in June than those planning to maintain the $300 weekly supplement until early September, new data show, though there was no clear sign ithad led to significantly more hiring.State-level jobs data released earlier this month show that in the 26 states stopping benefits early an additional 174,000 people joined the labor force in June, by either taking jobs or beginning work searches, compared to 47,000 in the other states."
I assume that plus extra loopholes and capital requirement. I’m curious how this will effect the existing secondaries market longterm and if ESOP members will actually get any say in how it’s used.
I’m assuming participation will require qualified investor status. Perhaps there are legal changes in the pipeline.I definitely agree that there is little reason any longer to use an initial public offering as a serious fundraising source, and is generally, simply used as an exit strategy for the actual primary markets of venture capital.
Nasdaq is to separate its platform for share dealing in private companies in move that will see the exchange partner with SVB Financial, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley in a bid it hopes will boost dealmaking activity.  Nasdaq Private Market has grown rapidly since it was formed in 2013, mirroring the expanding size of non-listed companies. A total of 57 private companies turned to the platform to facilitate transactions in the first six months of this year, completing tender offers for employees and shareholders as well as facilitating trades with institutional investors, according to a person briefed on the matter.  Transaction volumes on the Nasdaq Private Market hit $4.6bn in the first half of 2021, more than the whole of last year. The cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase and Strava, the fitness data tracker, are among the businesses that have turned to Nasdaq’s private market.  Nasdaq said on Tuesday that the venture would “develop a full suite of liquidity solutions for private companies”. The company, which will retain the largest stake in the new joint venture, did not disclose the financial terms of the deal.  Eric Folkemer, the president of Nasdaq Private Market, added that the growth of so-called unicorns meant there was ample room for the business to expand, noting that the “secondary market has a long way to go in terms of providing efficient tools” for investors and companies.  “There is an expectation in the market that access should be equal and fair and transparent,” he said. “Today it is a highly brokered market and so investors and employees are not always treated equally.”
When you are as rich as the Rothchild's, you own everything.  It doesn't matter if it is good investment or not.  Own it all and it doesn't matter.
If these illuminati fuks are buying ETH then it's probably a good investment. Even if the amount they grabbed is completely insignificant to their overall net worth, the higher-ups like that do not lose, especially lose money.
Downvote. 3k ETH for them is like me saving a crisp $1 bill in my wallet. Insignificant.
Sexy user interface… that’s probably it. I have a Fidelity and Robinhood account. Robinhood is definitely easier to look at.
Tbh I thought so but no….the younger generation doesn’t know where else to turn, and is parking there money still in RH. I’ve seen so many people stay and I can’t understand why.
The younger generation hates Robinhood thanks to their trading halt of GME
Almost seems to good to be true
I’d bet a lot that most of those users (at least 10M) have less than five dollars in their accounts. Especially after the trade halting
They don't allow shorting on their platform. Maybe they are worried people will short them through their own app? 🤔I plan to buy some puts on Fidelity.
Lol this is a short sellers dream
They could argue the younger generation is more valuable long term. But I agree the valuation is way too high regardless of that point I made
The circle will be complete.
And Schwab acquire TDA for $26B. This valuation makes zero sense. RH might have the larger customer base, but much much smaller average account sizes. Robinhood has $32B under management. TDA has over $1T.
Then it's not your asset. At least with stocks, you can have them transfer them to another broker.
Uhhhh you sure about that?  I've bought all of my crypto from Coinbase and Kraken and then moved them to my own wallets.
I’m actually sorta hoping WSB can collectively run this stock into the ground
you have special needs
It's (literally) impossible to do on RH
I mean, every IPO is a cash infusion for the company.Not to be confused with direct listings which are sometimes called IPOs, but don't actually create any new shares.
Would you mind explaining your reasoning?Robinhood is hugely unpopular on Reddit, where many retail traders gather to talk about stocks and finance. The unbounce traffic growth rates and avg user engagement time have dropped drastically since Feb this year. The growth last year extending into this year may be due to a new generation of retail investors just getting started. There's no telling whether it will translate into future revenue for the company, especially with negative sentiment on social media.Or are you saying that it will do well as an IPO only, without implying that it will continue to do well as a stock?
“Control your keys” is kind of a misnomer in the context of crypto exchanges what people usually mean is the ability to deposit/withdraw crypto, which you can do on those other exchanges, but can’t on Robinhood
Coinbase has a separate coinbase wallet app that gives you keys and it integrates with the exchange app.
For reference, Morgan Stanley acquired E*TRADE for $13 billion last year… how this valuation makes any sense is beyond me.
I agree with hat Robinhood is a shitty platform, but there are hardly any crypto exchanges where users are allowed to hold their own keys. Even Coinbase, kraken, gemini and all the most popular centralized exchanges don’t allow users to control their keys.
Probably a trap. It’ll be institutionally pumped up cause they know people hate “robbing crooks.” And will short it. Best decision is just not to throw money at it. Period.
Ignore this POS.
Their crypto trading has nosedived apparently. Once people realized they didn't hold the keys to their own wallets, most people abandoned crypto on their platform. Plus they alienated a lot of users with the trading halts that weren't SEC generated/mandated. They might have seen some of their best revenues in the past year, but I suspect that they've peaked. Too much bad sentiment from their user base.
Robinhood sucks. I hope nobody buys this IPO. My guess is their stakeholders are all going to slowly divest and cash out and try to leave others holding the bag.
Downvote all you want Reddit. This thing is going to do well as an IPO
Im no expert but Is this the equivalent of standing on the corner with a sign begging for money? Seems they have a very high opinion of themselves.
They got away with it for now. Even if they get away with this one they clearly aren’t a well run company if they need a 3 billion dollar loan at 2 in the morning to keep from getting shutdown
&gt me what your invested in so I can short itLook I hate RH as much as the next cat, but they got away with it all. Talk about leverage..
Short this pos
You think a company that didn’t have the funds to process their users transactions and needed a 3 billion dollar bailout to meet margin requirements is a good investment? What about their hundreds of millions of dollars they pay in fines every year? That exposes themself to excessive risk allowing any idiot with an iPhone to trade level 2 options and margin? Lol please tell me what your invested in so I can short it
This shitty company is worth $2. Everyone that uses it is an idiot, they’ll all get screwed over time.
Oh Boy... from Bulgaria
Did you read the article?&gtThe music corporation is home to stars including Taylor Swift and Lady Gaga.
https://www.wsj.com/articles/ackman-spac-decides-against-buying-10-stake-in-universal-music-group-11626678453
They backed out.
Carbon tax
This is from Mark Carney, currently the Vice Chair at Brookfield. Which is currently trying to buy Inter Pipeline, a Canadian oil pipeline, storage and a chemical plant company. Brookfield owns tons of oil and gas infrastructure around the world. And he is here talking about the climate crisis which his company is actively participating in.I think I am going to pass listening to this phoney
That’s not “all it would take”.It also has relatively little to do with corporate lobbying compared to jurisdictions’ race to the bottom and short termist thinking
It blows my mind that literally all it would take to reign in the most heinous emitters and polluters would be a few simple regulatory laws on the books. I know it’s more complicated than that, since corporate lobbies will do everything in their power to prevent this, but for the love it God it’s maddening how simple the solution is.
This might be the dumbest take I’ve ever heard in my life if genuine.Only Al Gore can speak about climate change and everyone else is in it for the clout? Seriously, is this fucking satire?
They paid a fine for overcharging the government. What about the American people
Captured market. Got no choice
So pay back a minuscule fine compared to the billions in profits they made… business as usual.
It’s a very classic case of “the fuck you gonna do, not buy it?”
Which is bullshit, epinephrine is so cheap it should be free and they totally make up the expiration date. Wasn’t this CEO like a senators daughter?
They'll probably raise prices too to help cover this added expense
6 months. And they recommend you throw them out and buy new ones at  that point.
Don't epi pens have an expiration date too? Aren't they only good for a month?
It was ridiculous when they cost $100, it was absurd when they bumped it up to $600.
Fuck the fine, Eli-pens need to cost $6.00 not $600
So, Pfizer will return a very small percentage from the vaccine money?
&gtJuly 15 (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc (PFE.N) has agreed to pay $345 million to resolve claims by consumers who say they overpaid for EpiPens due to anticompetitive practices by the drugmaker and the company that markets the emergency allergy treatment, Mylan. Paul Geller, a lawyer for the plaintiffs, said they were "pleased that Pfizer resolved its part of this class action lawsuit over the pricing of EpiPens." The litigation followed a public outcry in 2016 after Mylan, which owns the rights to market and distribute the devices, raised the price of a pair of EpiPens to $600, from $100 in 2008, putting it in the center of an ongoing U.S. debate over the high cost of medicines.
Cutting edge industries naturally have monopolies or duopolies. Not that I’m for them. It just naturally happens since the capital needed and the barrier of entry is so high. Like Boeing and Airbus for example. The pinnacle of precision engineering and aeronautics design and manufacturing, billions in development and billions in operational cost, only a few, and often government back enterprise can solve the hardest problem humanities can solve.But this intel, gf bedmate deal does feel fishy. Maybe this is leverage for something else and nothing but a distraction or smokescreen
If you know the answer, let us know.
Monopoly time!
Further consolidation in the semiconductor manufacturing space is troubling. On the flip side, the level of investment required to stay on bleeding edge nodes is immense. There is a market for products built on older nodes, but it's unclear how durable that is with the pace of advancement having really picked up these past few years.
More coverage at:*  [Intel is reportedly in talks to buy the $30 billion foundry company AMD spun off a decade ago (msn.com)](https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/technology/intel-is-reportedly-in-talks-to-buy-the-dollar30-billion-foundry-company-amd-spun-off-a-decade-ago/ar-AAMcEmJ) *  [Intel explores deal to buy chip maker GlobalFoundries for around $30 billion (marketwatch.com)](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/intel-explores-deal-to-buy-chip-maker-globalfoundries-for-around-30-billion-11626388455?mod=marketwatch-commenting-faqs) *  [Intel negotiating $30B deal for chipmaker GlobalFoundries (appleinsider.com)](https://appleinsider.com/articles/21/07/15/intel-negotiating-30b-deal-for-chipmaker-globalfoundries) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
Part of this has nothing to do w Moderna specifically but the general phenomenon any time stocks join an index and investors front-running all the index funds that now have to add it to the portfolio
Asymptomatic people don't go to the hospital where most residencies take place.
&gtThe COVID-19 vaccine maker's stock has surged over 150% this year, elevating its market capitalization to about $100 billion. Britain's AstraZeneca (AZN.L) said last December it would acquire U.S. biotech Alexion in a $39 billion deal.
Hmm somebody Need to offload their positions ...
The trust is already gone.
Why? So emperor pooh can flip a switch and the company suddenly doesnt exist anymore and they “dont have any obligation to foreign investors” since they’re not regulated. Chinese stocks are all smoke and mirrors.
[deleted]
these "markets down/up as covid fears come back/go away" headlines are some major bs
China is a closed information, authoritarian, dictatorship obsessed with its own appearance and prestige?? Or had you forgotten?
Oh sorry, I meant about "pandemic fears persist". There is nothing about that, no one is scared about covid anymore but MSM. Monetary policies is the only thing that matters.
There's 0 chance the official numbers are true.
if you have a pretty extreme lockdown, you’re pretty worried about cases
How should it not be related to covid? Anything economical is currently somewhat related to covid
What? Is this a joke? Chinese gov has been cooling the economy for past few months. They are withdrawing liquidity from markets and know that inflation is already here. Raw material prices on ath.     How is this related to ****ing covid?
Officially they do not have a problem. In Beijing CCP centenial anniversary with 65,000 participants. No one wore a mask. Revolutionay zeal will drive Covid virus away.
I am both horrified and intensely curious as to what my tax allocations would be as an American. Pretty sure about 80% ends up in the hands of defense contractors via the Pentagon.
Being the Australian government, much of this line goes towards paying hush money to the staffers they’ve raped that year, or cleaning up after staffers jerked off onto desks.
It's too large. It should be broken out further. It could be $699 for cocaine and $14 for actual misc.
They do not give you a breakdown when you submit your taxes, you need to search it out.
What do you mean by "all nations should do this"? Isn't a budget open information in your country?
Yeah, i was really liking this till we hit that last line, just sneaking that in at the end.
All nations should do this. However, I would like a more detailed breakdown of the "Other purposes" category as it does contain a significant amount of the budget.
&gt problems with the trump tax cuts&gt intellectual honestyThe trump tax cuts, under the most unfavorable analysis possible cost us [$130 billion a year](https://www.politico.com/story/2018/02/28/tax-cuts-trump-gop-analysis-430781). We spent [5 trillion](https://www.businessinsider.com/stimulus-package-pandemic-surpass-great-recession-fiscal-plans-recovery-2021-3) in stimulus spending in a single year. Let's get things in perspective.
Ignoring the fact that most of the money printing happened under Trump. lmao youre a joke.
How exactly are you blaming 'the left' when we're finally starting to see the benefits...I mean problems with the trump tax cuts. And then to say that blaming the pandemic isn't affecting shit? Come on, have some intellectual honesty.P.s. I can't wait to read your post history. 🙄
When you have huge data sets its pretty easy to lie with statistics. Lots of places to hide unfavorable data.
Do you also condemn the rampant printing of money and unchecked spending under Trump?
Nothing to see here, just supplier shortages
The only thing transitory is their reasoning behind the inflation
What do you mean they aren’t helpful? There is 57 pages of items they track.https://www.bls.gov/web/ppi/ppitable09.pdf
What do you mean it doesn't say anything?  BLS explains exactly how they come up with the number.  You can click on PPI tables and see all the different industries and products measured and how they changed.
https://www.bls.gov/ppi/overview.htm#data
&gtWASHINGTON, July 14 (Reuters) - U.S. producer prices increased more than expected in June, suggesting inflation could remain high as robust demand fueled by the economy's recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic continues to strain the supply chain. Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell is due to present the semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the U.S. Congress later on Wednesday and financial markets' attention will be on his view of the latest inflation data. In a report to Congress last week the U.S. central bank said that as the "extraordinary circumstances" of the reopening subside, "supply and demand should become better aligned, and inflation is widely expected to move down."
USD money supply is dictated by two things: banks lending through the fractional reserve system and federal spending. A significant chunk of the stimulus from the c19 relief bills and ppp programs went to paying off debt, which actually decreased the money supply in a roundabout way. A lot of the narratives about the fed doing QE causing inflation are misguided. QE just provides free reserves for banks to lend out banks still have to make the loans for the macro environment to become inflationary and right now banks are not finding a lot of people to borrow money because damn near everyone is trying to pay off debt instead of taking on more, which is deflationary. We are just seeing a short term price spike that will return to normal/deflationary sometime in 2022.
I already have my $100 trillion bill. I just need to spend in the first few hours while it’s still worth something.
Tip toes.  Usain bolt apparently tip toed.
Zimbababoowe
What will be the long term consequence of this?
The gameplan seems to be to minimize the admittance of what is occurring for as long as they possibly can to keep rates where they're at, because they know we're all hosed.
Tiptoes toward inflation? Inflation is happening at double the rate that it normally happens at.
But only one acts like they care about it... which just makes them hypocrites
Nope, budget deficit was shrinking under Obama as well, only to be blown back open under Trump.
It is. I don't believe any of these politicians (left or right) care for the long term economic health of the nation.
Through the tulips
They do moreso than the GOP. Our budget deficit always shrinks under democrats, and explodes under republicans. Democrats are horrible at marketing and somehow let republicans claim to be the party of fiscal responsibility.
Depends on who you ask. Yes economic activity slowing (whether it be COVID or business cycle) sucks in the short term. However never letting the recession happen via fiscal/monetary policy only begets zombie corporations. And it dampens innovation by keeping assets in the hands of failed managers that should be going to new firms or used to expand an already successful firm. This is all Econ 101, we have just forgotten it all in an effort to make sure nobody ever feels financial pain.
Dollar ain't a dollar anymore.
How many Democrats voted against this republican spending you speak of?I remember all of the big ones having sweeping bipartisan support. Quit with the bs
Tip toes 😂
Lol. Both parties are pretty fucking terrible in that department
The tail-end of another global recession brought on by a global pandemic that was exacerbated by the former President's intransigence, leading America, a country with 4% of the population and all the resources necessary to combat it to have 25% of the (recorded) fatalities. Maybe?
And the deficit spending still won't stop...
Yea. Obama added 8 trillion during his two terms. Trump added 6 trillion by his 3rd year of presidency. Came into office with an economy doing decently well and spent a bunch whilst decreasing taxes. Obama became president when the global financial system was melting
He did it in 4 years vs 8
Arguing with people like that guy is such a waste of time. Biden has been in office for just 6 months but now everything is his fault and has nothing to do with Trump who was in office for 4 years prior. They just want to make themselves feel better. Not worthy of the Finance sub, they need to go back to their safe space in some pol sub. Such an ignorant comment that he deleted it after finding out he will be challenged on his ignorant assertions.
What do you mean by his money printing? The stimulus package propped to save the economy?
I second this. The third most deficit spending under trump too. 8 trillion dollar increase in our national debt!
Trump publicly pressured the Fed to lower rates and add even more liquidity into the market. Get out of the Finance sub with your ignorant comment and go back to some trash pol sub. Learn some Finance before you come back.
Say transitory again, I dare you, I double-dare you motherfucker, say transitory one more Goddamn time!# [Tran·si·to·ry](https://i.imgur.com/FRJc1QT.png)
&gt taxes left overBecause there isn’t any left over.
When I go to the grocery store, I feel it at the register. I basically eat the same stuff each week.
If inflation expectations get embedded into consumer's minds, transitory inflation will become lasting inflation.
My local eatery already bumped up the prices even if the inflation is transitional (as claimed by the powers to be), I don't see them lowering the prices after the temporary period.
Check the Manheim index.  That’s a big part of the measurement and it decreased last month.It looks transitory despite doomsayers.
This nonsense about it being transitory I think is BS. We all know if a company can get you to pay more they will. They will increase prices and never bring them back down.
also if consumers think there is inflation, there is a mentality change where they begin to stockpile goods in expectation that they will be more expensive, which in itself further propels inflation
Biden will fix the...you know...the thing. C'mon man.
Every month they do a massive survey to care about consumers’ thoughts on the economySo Wall Street
Inflation expectations are very important. Inflation expectations result in wage pressures for one, but they also allow businesses to raise prices without fear of losing volume. Inflation expectations generally become real inflation.
Who cares what consumers think?
Careful now—That kind of nuanced thinking is at odds with the narrative. Who would have guessed that a global mass casualty event would cause people to rethink their life plan? Back to work!
Those states saw no change in their rate of job applications, as expected per a recent call I was on with the CEO of a major job platform. There are plenty of openings and plenty of job seekers but the two are not aligning on skills or pay.
The biggest thing is that 9 million people left the work force and many millions more were tossed aside by their former employers so they’re not willing to go back to them. Many people used the pandemic to pay down debt, pad savings, and earn new credentials. They’re not coming back to their shit jobs that cast them aside.On top of that, there’s been no social safety net that they could rely on so people have been forced to figure out how to survive without relying on sporadic government aid. They’re borrowing less, found new sources of income, reduced expenses, and adjusted their lifestyles so they don’t have to rely on the whims of a boss that can fire them on the spot.This has major adverse effects on the economy. There’s now almost $22 trillion tied up in home equity, borrowing has been reduced, savings rates are through the roof, and so are cash account balances. Banks aren’t willing to take on any risk, to the tune of $1 trillion a day. The result is that the money velocity of the M1 supply has dropped to near zero, which means you can pump as much into the economy as you want but it won’t do anything because it’s being hoarded out of fear.Nothing will ever be the same again but if we don’t address the fact that our government is perceived as being unable to resolve a major crisis in a way that protects citizens then our economy could easily become frozen. Getting people back to work is going to involve paying them to take on risk and being able to safely spend the money they earn instead of squirreling away every penny for the next “once in a generation” crisis that seems to happen every 3-4 years now.
I think Costco is starting people at $16 to work checkout, with benefits. Pay what the market wants. That’s capitalism, right?
22 States ended benefits July 1st. Next months employment numbers in those States will tell the story
100% this. I know three people who are straight up living off unemployment and not looking for work at all, who are also posting conservative anti-welfare stuff on social media. People figure out a way to benefit from it without acknowledging that they are
I understand Amazon warehouses pay 15+ for packing boxes. Target and other retailers are paying 14+ an hour. Seems a manual labor construction job would pay more.
Well people generally won't admit that they won't work because of government benefits(even to themselves). People have pride and will come up with other excuses.
If those measley unemployment paychecks are more than working 40 hours as a painter then the issue is not unemployment. The issue is slave labor wages.
I actually read it after the 1st post of a few sentences and then edited it after. I was largely correct about the content except for the additional part about AIG slavery insurance policies which I didn't address because insurance isn't really what this sub is about, and also insurance isn't "Wall Street", article has a tenuous grasp on what financial services are at best. The rest of the article is pretty much exactly what I thought it would be though.
You have convinced me you are a redditor. You wrote a 5 paragraph response to an article you didn’t read? Why?
Fucking no one, that’s whoChange the title
"millions" so at least 25 people were affected lol
/r/Politics took over this sub about a year ago
Thanks for that! I was suspicious about this article because last I heard, Biden hadn’t cancelled any major student debt.
Title is politicizing while the reality is Biden canceled debts to just 3 fraudulent colleges that aren't even operating anymore
Doctors would be soooooooo rich if you forgave their loans. Lawyers would absolutely be thrilled with this idea.MBAs from Kellogg and Booth would have a party in the streets.
Are you talking about Woz? Lmao he's been in favor of this stuff since before anyone ever heard of Steve Jobs. Do you not know about their huge disagreement on how open technology should be? It's a question as old as tech and Woz has been on the right side the entire time.
Anytime the government puts its thumb on the scales of economics, there will be winners, and losers.Depending which groups votes they need THIS time.
Since this loan forgiveness is directly related to the schools that generated the loans fraudulent conduct, it is likely that anyone that did take out a loan to pay for their education at the schools in question might be able to be, or already are, part of legal action against such schools to get their money back.
The title is misleading. The loans that have been forgiven were loans made by specific institutions that were truly fraudulent. I have no issue with this type of loan forgiveness but I would with an across the board loan forgiveness especially while the same student loan structure is creating new debt to a new group of borrowers simultaneously with any loan forgiveness.
What happens to those of us that weren’t able to utilize first time homebuyer tax credits, electric vehicle tax credits, etc etc. Do we just miss out? Yeah, that’s how life works. Sometimes it’s not fair.
Person A and Person B both graduate with debt but get jobs right out of college. Person A takes an aggressive approach to paying off their loans and is debt free within a year. Person B decides to make minimum payments on the debt and invest their excess cash instead. Then the federal government comes in and cancels student debt. Now Person A has no debt while person B has no debt and a ton of assets. Does that sound fair to you?
If you read the article, it’s then stepping in against colleges that scammed people for their time and money. I agree with this action.
There's not a whole lot of substance in that article, that's a start lol
It’s already being worked on across all agencies to determine the next steps for federal legalization. Schumer is leading it. It will happen.
Why isn’t this as good as it sounds?
A majority of those that died were over 75. Around 120k were under 65, and 135k 65-74. Even if you counted all 600k as potential workers that’s ~0.4% of the US workforce prior to the pandemic.
Another thing we are seeing at my company is there are lots of people with young children that want to come back to work but either can't afford childcare or there just isn't any available. We are exploring opening up our own for employees.
I'd be happy if even 50% of this was spent on things we actually need and not "well putting Joe to work to build some civil engineering project that's currently unnecessary was better than Joe being unemployed" type of work.
It’s a multi-trillion dollar plan that needs to address decades of infrastructure investment neglect. That’s why.
Half of Covid deaths were in nursing homes. Covid deaths are overwhelmingly people already out of the workforce.
Very few of which are working age.
it’s a numbers game…. most of the 600k were already retired.  not too much impact on the unemployment of a country of about 320,000,000.
It was so they could travel back to their home states and campaign, talk to constituents, and return to their homes. It’s a bit outdated with modern technology. Now why do they STILL not work 12 months out of the year? That’s because they are in charge and want 6 month vacations.
Alot of companies and people are ignoring the fact that alot of millennials and especially gen z are still stuck living at home so the risk for them is low. They can afford to wait out for a better job. I just got a new job that pays 30% more than what i was making with bonus i could be looking at 40-50% more. I hope this trend continues.
(X) Doubt
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/12/09/us/covid-hospitals-icu-capacity.htmlhttps://www.wsj.com/articles/its-a-desperate-time-crush-of-covid-19-patients-strains-u-s-hospitals-11609721551https://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/california-hospitals-crushed-virus-patients-flood-icus-74809987
All of DC is screwing over the country, has been for at least 60 years
So why doesn't congress work 12 months out of the year like most every American has to?
I doubt Joe wants that. They have very strict no pot policies for WH employees. Idk tho just saying
Not trying to stir controversy... but cant the current president immediately legalize marijuana by simply directing the DEA to unschedule it?Hasn't that always been the case? Did I miss something where Congress concurred with some law they passed?
Schumer is much too weak to be a leader. The old dems are screwing over the young dems. It’s unfortunate.
Hasn’t happened? 600,000+ Americans are dead and that was with intervention. And that’s considered a lowball estimate given how many states tried to hide their actual numbers.
With the eviction moratorium getting ready to end and no more stimulus in the works, something is going to have to give very soon.
…that’s .5% with the best technology, healthcare and intervention possible inside of an ICU. Once those ICU beds go up the death rate will be much, much higher when ‘difficult choices’ need to be made. Go be an edgelord somewhere else.
The filibuster is basically a mechanism for turning any legislation into a massive pork roll. Bribing 10 senators to break with their party is expensive!
They wouldn't work through a recess for a fucking insurrection, they aren't going to cancel vacation plans just because our nation's infrastructure is failing in real time.
They have to make sure everyone gets their pork first in order for the 10% of this bill that’s actually infrastructure to happen
It’s at least 4 trillion it should take a bit
Looking more and more like this infrastructure plan will never pass.
Good I was planning on working August also.
I really don't agree with views like these. Often it means that pension funds are locked into illiquid investments in fields where companies are just as likely to go bankrupt as they are to go up a million percent. Particularly in infrastructure which the UK government has been pushing pensions to invest in,G7 governments can uniformly borrow below 2-4% and should be taking advantage of this cheap money to invest in green energy, etc. It's only really governments which can act to correct externalities and I would include climate change in that.Pension funds should invest in good investments rather than solely pushing toward a social/environmental goal which might jeopardize pensioners returns. If they can do both, obviously that's preferable, but if I was asked if I wanted to invest in underperforming assets because it might help against climate change I don't think I would when the government could act so easily but, basically, refuses to.
You can use it as an exclusionary criteria. But if you’re using it as a guide for investment decisions then it’s not a fiduciary decision
Easy. ESG scores are based primarily on perception of environmental impact, not the impact itself. Also companies with a pretty good ESG can have huge negative environmental impacts, but still a pretty good score because of the last 2 letters there. Carbon intensity is also not a good measure of environmental impact for lots of obvious reasons
Fair question. I work in private wealth management and analyze investments for a living. I also sat for all 3 levels of the CFA and they have a decent bit of material on ESG. I also went through the ESG scoring system used on Morningstar to determine if it should be a component to my company's fund filters and determined that any backwards looking ESG score would be a poor indicator of environmental impact. Wrote some stuff on the topic a while back which is gathering dust on a shelf somewhere. So basically, professional experience and personal research
&gtGreen pensions could be the ‘most powerful weapon’ we have to protect the planetNah, just nah...nope
There’s three or four ESG scoring systems on the market, only one is forward facing, all are based on aggregated social media data. My firm tries to integrate one but we get huge backlash from IR teams who don’t like scores/think they’re unfair and from clients who don’t understand the scores and can’t get any sort of breakdown explaining the scores.
Do you have any evidence to back this up? Or where did you aquier this wisdom? (Really curious, not to make fun).
Yes! Spread the word about VOTE!
You can invest in VOTE, which is an activist fund that owns shares in Exxon and uses them to introduce proxy initiatives, introduce board members, and vote for the company to reduce its emissions and disclose its climate risks.They just organized a revolt at Exxon and got three of their own board members elected over Exxon’s choices.
No. Just no. This is totally wrong. ESG is something you could analyze for a company and target specific behavior in order to direct funds to green companies. It will not change anything if it is standardized and published on anything besides a qualitative and subjective basis, because companies like nestle and amazon will just game the equation. The idea of ESG scoring is fundamentally flawed, and a marketting tactic.
This is actually my profession so I have some insight here. I work in middle market lending and deal with high net worth individuals daily. These are people who started businesses, used their profits to continually invest in their business where it has grown to be able to have substantial profits to pay themselves. But sometimes they need additional liquidity for various reasons. It could be purchasing investment real estate, paying their taxes, or injecting capital into their business during uncertain economic times. We don’t give money to people who cannot pay it back. If we did, we wouldn’t have a profitable business model and banks would fail. This is actually why many banks and private lenders have failed historically. They extend credit to people who otherwise should have never received credit in the first place (hello 2008).
If people who have low to no income and high debt ratios were to get more debt... How would that 1) help? And 2) they be able to pay back the lender? Remember the subprime lending crisis?
Yes, unsecured lines of credit are fairly common if you have a low debt to income ratio and you have a good credit score.
Wells Fargo doesn't 🤣
Are there banks that don't? It's a standard is Canada anyways.
To add another line of profit for the banks to use.
Do other Banks do personal lines of credit? I have a NavyFed checking and savings that I never use... Opened it when I got a car loan through them. Since I was already there I figured why not.
I wonder if they can’t figure out the real accounts vs all those fake ones they created and decided to just shut them all down.
Take your business elsewhere. Move your deposits and tell them why you’re leaving.
Such a dumb thing to say.
I will never ever understand why in the digital age anyone would bank with these assholes. There are credit unions abound, online exclusive banking everywhere. Better rates. Better service. Better everything.
Funny thing is people have been making this exact comment for years, thinking they are Nostradamus and they're basically 100% wrong. Eventually (because it's posted on every thread) one will be "right" and he'll think he's a genius 😂R/finance posters have called 12,000 of the last 2 recessions. Hard to find a higher error rate even with monkeys and darts.
It’s fucking amazing. Really is. In my area you have to come in ~20% over ask with no inspection and cash cover on appraisal gap. I’m sure it’s crazier elsewhere but yeah, no…not going to buy right now
This is not big deal. This is unsecured personal line of credit. High risk debt. CCs unaffected.
I don't get overdraft protection. What's the point of it?
Likely due to the Fed's asset cap post-2017's fake account scandal: https://corpgov.law.harvard.edu/2019/02/06/the-wells-fargo-cross-selling-scandal-2/Wells Fargo can't grow their asset base anymore (i.e. lend out more loans) due to the asset cap, so they have to optimize for the best quality loans to maximize ROI. This article (https://www.wsj.com/amp/articles/wells-fargo-has-used-its-lockdown-time-well-11619175781) shows how they've been letting competitive low-quality commercial + corporate deposits reduce organically in favor of stickier high-quality consumer deposits. The former is lower quality because they're shopped around often.It stands to reason that they might do the same for the asset side of their balance sheet - especially now that many people are likely converting their maxed-out credit cards into personal lines of credit and then still defaulting on them. Assuming that the Fed asset cap isn't lifted anytime soon, optimizing the product mix for maximum ROI feels like an organic decision.
Where is that relative to “normal”?
$15 fee is of course less than the $45 fee they charge if you don’t get the protection.
A line of credit is the benefit of a credit card with none of the drawbacks (ergo, you can pull it out as cash, and the interest rate isn’t 20%)Or looking at it from the other direction, it’s the benefits of a loan that you can draw on whenever you want.
LOC is open ended and revolving, personal loan is installment.
personal loans are personal lines of credit no? Or is the difference between revolving and installment credit?
These headlines are so fucking stupid it makes we want to fucking shit myself.
I had a realtor friend tell that over 6,000,000 people are behind on their mortgages
They closed mine last month! it was a 20K line of credit and it helped me through some tough times. I never made a late payment or anything but I'm sure with the pandemic a lot of people maxed that thing out and weren't able to make payments. I was bummed but I also understood why they would close them completely.
Profits aren't there to support this type of lending for banks. There are a multitude of non-bank lenders that more efficiently fill this niche and don't have the regulatory expenses that banks have for what is essentially the same product.
Is there any data on this? I keep hearing people talking about it. But the unemployment rate is back down to 6%. Savings rates actually went up in the pandemic, plus median household wealth also increased. Is there any evidence that there’s a lot of people who can’t afford rent?
“I’m so scared of COVID that I sold all my stocks” is not a July 2021 sentence lmao
Bofa hasn’t for a long time.
Quick access to liquidity and long(er) repayment windows with lower interest.Credit cards usually have a max drawdown at a single time even if your limit is high, and a very short repayment window given that interest can compound very quickly.
&gt The product … was pitched as a way to consolidate higher-interest credit-card debt, pay for home renovations **or avoid overdraft fees**The fuckers still charge a $15 fee and interest when the automatic “Overdraft Protection” has to pull money from a Line of Credit to cover a check.
“US stocks slump because its raining outside my office window”
I would love an ELI5 on why personal LOCs and credit cards both exist. Seems like a personal LOC is just a personal credit card that only does cash advances. Am I missing something? Or is this also referring to HELOCs?
No, just personal lines of credit. Their "reasoning" is to shuffle users towards credit cards and personal loans.
Does this include credit cards?  I think a lot of department store credit cards are through wells
Seems to be more likely related to the Fed asset cap on Wells Fargo.
they are not lending to private people because they don't make money with it. The risk is higher tham the expected returns. What so difficult to understand?
JPM doesn’t offer Personal LOC’s anymore, not sure about others.
They must surely realize that lending money to people who probably won't be able to pay it back isn't such a good idea.  The Fed continues to pour money into the banking system, and that will eventually cause trouble.  If the Fed tightens, the banking system and the economy will be in big trouble.  If the Fed continues its present path, the economy is also in trouble.  Either way, Wells Fargo is just doing the smart thing.  Will the other big banks be following suit?
Could we be standing, toes on the edge of the abyss?
I love the ‘Wheel of Reasons for Market Movement’!Spin it Jim. What’s today? ‘Wow! Billionaire space race spooks the markets!’Love it! Print it!
Are they really blaming the slump on Covid?
I just imagine that these writers have two spin wheels, one for when the market is up and one for when it’s down. I always love seeing what they think the reasoning is for that day, 99% of the time it’s bullshit
Pre-Corona it was the ‘as profit taking from recent run up’ headlines. Liked those. At least it was vaguely economic and not just pure emotional speculation. Truth is: ‘Markets rose today as many stocks were purchased.’ Followed by ‘Markets fell today as many stocks were sold.’Rinse. Lather. Repeat.
What is interesting is to see so many politicians dump bank stocks recently. We’re in the middle of something major brewing
Last year was my favorite Market Up: Market gains as coronavirus fears recede and confidence gains. Market Down: Market dips as coronavirus fears increase, delaying the possibility of a quick recovery.
Stocks slumping has nothing to do with Covid this time. Jobs, jobs, jobs.Good luck with your investments everyone. We're going to need it lol
I like that this exact same headline gets posted every two weeks. Very meaningful. So insightful. Truly a wizened take.
Thank you... I saw this and said to myself “Yada yada yada..”
Can guarantee that’s not it
Nah, market news headlines are basically a magic 8 ball of garbage.
I mean if you are implying that this level of risk warrants fear of returning to work then no one should ever go back to work because we are all far more likely to die on a car accident on the way in.
&gt I've always thought that the customer service experience is its own economic indicator.There's probably some truth to that.  A friend of mine, bless his heart, has consistently had trouble keeping a job for more than a month or so.  He's an awful worker.  When I heard that a former employer (who fired him) wanted him back, it made me think that it must really be a strong job market for employees right now.
Great news is that if you get the vaccine, you won’t! Returning to work is no longer a danger.
What did these people do before the enhanced unemployment? They had to have worked or else they wouldn’t be eligible for it. Unemployment is a completely separate thing than welfare. If someone is unable to work because of childcare - then welfare/government assistance is the avenue they need to go down.
I mean honestly the benefits are too good and people are trying to “trade up”. I work in commercial real estate and we are having a brutal time hiring for low skill positions - even when paying $20-30 / hr in LCOL markets. Its really tough to get people back to work right now optimistically when federal benefits run out in September people will start looking.
It’s because of child care ya idiots. Not unemployment benefits. Lots of people literally can’t go back to work, child care costs more than most jobs pay. And as expected, this affects working women more than men because most men aren’t volunteering to be stay at home dads — whether it’s because he earns more (because men are historically paid more) or because they don’t want to take care of kids and it’s expected that women are the caregivers. Cutting unemployment benefits is just sticking it to poor people.
Don’t hold your breath.
I know it’s anecdotal, but we went to a Buffalo Wild Wings 2 days ago that only had 1 server, 1 bar tender and one front desk person and the place was packed. So we kindly declined to wait for a seat and went across the street to our local wings place and it was exactly the same situation.I travel for a living, figure 210 nights a year in hotels and usually 1-2 nights per city.It’s basically like this on some level everywhere I’ve gone in the last 6-7 months. If I don’t sit at the Bar, I don’t get quality service. And I’m a 20-30% tipper.Canada is still basically shut down, so that doesn’t count.
Well I live in Florida and just about every restaurant is hiring but no one is applying and they are severely understaffed.
Pretty much all of economics is "unclear."
Not only new staff in the sense we see at hiring for every season, but staff that's new to that service level. Retail and coffee shop experience gets you into mid-tier chains now, and the staff from those mid-tier restaurants are applying for fine dining. Opportunities are more open now, but it'll be a bit bumpy until next season as people get some experience in.
Already seeing this. Understaffed or new staff. Not the best experience lately.
Anecdotal evidence says that more people started looking, but are now batting out of their range. Everyone's about to experience restaurants where half the staff are brand new to their tier.
Yeah the travel budget is where I lost sympathy... (that and the fact they owned a nice home in boston and now in seattle, hard to have any sympathy when the generations below them cant even afford to buy anywhere to live much less in two of the more expensive cities in the us)
I mean it’s not just a basic level of intellect. They also have to tolerate the hours, have a good attitude through all the bullshit and (most importantly and most uncommonly) make no errors
Ah would be a shame if they let someone from a 6th rank school break in
Not an investment banker, but actually in tech as a software engineer. To be honest, I could see investment banking being a collaborative enough role requiring face to face interactions to bounce strategies off each other. For me, I just check Jira for user stories and talk to a PM once a week and work on coding my assigned features. I barely have to interact with anyone since my work is already clearly defined and doesn’t require much collaboration until we review my code upon completion.
Irritable Bowel
The idea that you can’t train someone with a basic level of intellect to be an IB analyst is laughable
He gets $16 per month in SNAP benefits, during COVID anyone receiving SNAP automatically gets the max benefit.He probably makes around $2000 a month from his postal disability retirement. And he pays $500 per month in subsidized rent.The guy was complaining because when the pandemic SNAP benefits end, he said it will cut into his travel budget. He’s not in poverty, he lives a great life. And he retired at 44.
I think it means Investment Banking
If he’s received SNAP benefits he must be at a poverty level income.
300K for senior developers who work 35 hours a week isn't bad money either.I started in finance and went tech because of the pay and benefits (RSUs are very nice).
Thread full of non-IBs talking about what qualifies you to be an IB
This from the generation who regularly vote against wage raises for working poor
Fun anecdote, but...&gtparents don't track the household spending ... need more than 25% more money just to keep upHow do you know its due to inflation if there's no tracking? You sure it's not just that they hosted a big dinner, went on a vacation, changed their spending habits, or some other increase in consumption? People who don't do at least some budget tracking tend to have "unexplained" variations in spending regardless of how prices are moving. Whether they're generally big spenders or not doesn't really matter if it's an increase in spending from before.Not saying all anecdotes are useless, and not denying that inflation is happening, but this story really doesn't mean anything since you don't know if they just bought more stuff.
In your extremely specific example, sure, anyone can do it.But obviously, in the context of this article, it is indeed a challenge to attract good candidates. It's not about the ability to correct a typo. It's being able to wrap your head around several different concepts, learning quickly/ not making the same mistakes repeatedly (a rarer skill than some might expect), and having decent enough interpersonal skills to be pleasant to work alongside.In IB specifically, it's also about being capable to deal with the hours.Another element here: right now, a lot of banks are in need of experienced analysts and associates. Not necessarily spectacular experience, but at least some background such that the candidate can hit the ground running once hired. So, put all of that together, and yeah, it can be difficult to find 10,000 qualified applicants.
You're saying there are less than 10,000 people who can work as a cashier?Walmart employs 2.2 million people for fucks sake.
It’s not that hard. The only thing that qualifies an applicant with a degree is the candidate’s willingness to spread their cheeks and work 100 hours a week for 2 years
The first guy retired at age 44 with a disability pension from the post office with health insurance for life, and he has a $500 per month subsidized apartment.He’s complaining about the price of bread going up? Lmfao
Mid west checking in. Just bought a house for $470k that went for $280k in 2018.
Literally investment banks have been poaching engineers, pre med, and other STEM related people for years, the opposite is happening.
Seriously. This article's anecdotes are a complete fucking joke. If this is the worst boomers are putting up with, they're partying it up.
The whole boomer thing is ridiculous. Millennials, including myself, hate when we're generalized as an entire group of people. We make a lot of noise about how you shouldn't generalize entire groups of people. Yet it's somehow okay when we generalize entire group of people. Also, someone tried blaming the Vietnam war on the boomers with a straight face. You mean the war that started when the oldest boomers were 18? The war that they overwhelmingly protested? Like you do realize that it was the boomers marching in the Civil Rights Era, right?The whole things is so ridiculously hypocritical and it's why no one takes us seriously. Boomer has just become a catchall scapegoat for everything that's wrong with the world today. Some of it some of them had a hand in creating, I'm not denying, but seriously? Listening to people my own age talking I feel like I'm on crazy pills.
Succeeding in finance is not hard, you just have to be willing to put up with a ton of bullshit like any other job and work ridiculous hours. If you aren't willing to go back to the office because the "lifestyle isn't fitting" then someone else will take your damn job, tough shit.
For reference, in 2021 in the US, it's an average of $559/credit.
You’re saying there doesn’t exist 10,000 young men and women who can’t proofread through 50 ppt decks to look for that extra space on page 35, line 16
Exactly. There are *tons* of finance wannabes out there
I totally agree that r/finance is dead.  Once a sub hits 20k high level discussion seems to fail, and once it hits 100k informed/topical discussion seems to fail.  I'm curious about "I hope none of you guys are millennials" though.  How old are you?  How rich are you?  You do realize reddit's core demographic is millennial American males right?I get the point that younger generations are gonna blame millennials for shit even if it wasn't their fault.  That's just human nature-- the Romans did the same thing.  I used to adhere to the pointlessness of the vast generalizations of generation warfare, but after ten years of passive aggressive e-mails and comments from my parents about 'lol millenials bad' I'm pretty done with their dumb ass takes.
My first thought may have been “welcome to our world boomers” which isn’t the kindest thought but there it is.
I read a fun article on the FT about how Gen Z says they put a lot of importance on climate change and sustainability and then do the opposite with their wallet. The youth are just as full of shit as everyone else, and the generation that deals with issues does so not because they’re so virtuous or noble but because they simply didn’t have the option of kicking the can further. Every generation of kids thinks they are the ones to break a cycle that’s existed as long as civilization (probably longer), only to find out that no, they can’t change human nature and are simply part of a larger machine.  This has all happened before and will happen again. So say we all.
Wow, I love that this article uses a couple that sold their Boston suburb house to retire to a Seattle high rise apartment in downtown Seattle. Retiring from their government jobs young, and living in one of the most expensive cities in the US, in one of the most expensive areas of that city, and they are financially okay. This scenario is so completely out of reach for practically everyone in my generation (millennial) including myself.
10,000 applicants =/= 10,000 *qualified* applicants
Yep every sub.
It makes sense if you saved 400k to retire but your expense triple in under 2 years, may have to go back to work to save 1.2M for the same level of comfort you thought 400k would get you.
Thank you! The amount of knee-jerk uninformed blame flinging in this chain is ridiculous. If I want unthinking meme-spew I could go to r/politics.
I bought mine straight out. 25 year warranty, the cost of electricity at the time made my math 9.5 years before it payed for itself. Electricity cost has risen since then in my area, so pay back time is even quicker now. For people that want to scream environment, I went with an American manufacturer that offers a recycling program. Best investment I've ever made. I pay for no electricity, and with my excess electric I mine crypto because the power company doesn't pay squat in comparison.  But yeah, I would be careful how you buy, that's important, with everything.
They also got to squirrel away money during a period of insane market growth.
What do you mean we can't subsidize our lifestyle by tacking on costs to future generations? Oh, they can vote now?
Stop worrying about inflation. It's probably the best thing you can do next to stomping down false narratives about inflation since inflation itself can be a self fulfilling prophecy as it can be worsened by expectation which turns into a reality.
Lmao, so it's "history" now, is it?Personal accountability gets diluted to nearly nothing when it comes to politics, you are just one voter in a sea of millions. Are you still responsible? Yeah... but it's real hard to deviate from the norm when everyone around you acts and thinks in a certain way.You are gonna find that out in a bit, once your kid's generation starts blaming you (possibly rightly) for the shit that's gonna go sideways in 2040.Plus, a 20-year old yelling at a 50-year old is youthful rebellion. A 40-year old yelling at a 70-year old is elderly abuse, and just not as cute. I hope the older millennials realize this, if they haven't already.
Go to /r/politics then, this is /r/finance.  Not personal finance, I don't care if you can't afford avocado toast.  This is finance general, which includes many more topics than personal finance scenarios.If you want to discuss financial analysis, risk, instruments or strategy then let's talk.
John Oliver did a bit on this on his show recently. Highly recommend watching before making this suggestion to others we don’t know. It seems some predatory lending practices may be at play here as it’s just a government subsidy run by private companies with *sales* teams.
I often find myself double checking what group threads I'm reading to see if it's satire or not.
I'm not here to west-wing statistics.But I'm in the Midwest. Houses that were 100k not long ago are 400k now. There are kids whose prospects have declined and who might at one time have inherited family homes, but will not due to rising Healthcare costs for our elderly.My point is that most people are not trying to or significantly responsible for driving the markets off a cliff. We have poor leadership.
Think, Midwest.... Where the typical house is $150,000. What *valuable* house? But these are the people who opposed Obamacare, and think social security is a burden on the budget. Go figure.
(just to salt your wound: today's retirees probably paid $80 *or less* per credit)
Seriously, /r/politics has invaded this place and it is worthless now.
I know that.  Everyone knows that.  You misunderstood my context.
The Federal Reserve is and always has been a private institution. Look it up.
Oh it's trickling.  Except they are finding themselves in R Kelly's bathtub and not in Scrooge Mcducks basement
Show some dignity
And if they don't meet the qualifications for the job, they can just go to college and pay it off with a part time job over the summer!
He didnt really retire, that would have been impossible at his age with the USPS. He went on a disability discharge.
Just walk into the office, and give a hard handshake and say you can start Monday.
You must be living under a stone then, most people I know do actually care about topics like sustainability, and we're at least aware of the mess the boomers have created for us to take care of. Whether we'll be able to, who knows. Let's hope fossilized leaders everywhere (looking at US specifically ...) will be replaced by fresh energetic new leaders soon
To the guy in the article ... You started working at say 18 and stopped at 44?  Retiring after 26 working years?  Get your lazy ass back to work.  You're gonna have to become a walmart greeter.  That's called pulling up your bootstraps.
Right!!  I flat out laughed at that one.I have never heard anyone say Let's privatize the Fed.  Not even bible thumping connies say that.
Look around. It’s STILL boomers in DC.
I'm not judging the guy, but he leaves out that in his recent comment history that he's 1. living in the extremely expensive city of Boulder, CO and 2. he is a former drug addict and felon who apparently spent 5 years in prison. Kind of nuts that he blames boomers for not being able to buy a house at 30. Being out of the workforce 5/10 years is a pretty significant detriment to being able to afford a decent house in one of the most expensive cities in the country.
Dutch boomers are just as bad. Their entire life they argued for defined contribution, now that its time to pay out theyre screeching for defined benefit. Worst generation ever
Social Security isn't really intended to float a full retirement on its own. That's not new and not due to inflation.
Social security is adjusted for inflation. Unfortunate if some lost their savings in 2008 (how?), but that's kind of a rare mistake, and it's been over a decade since then.
My expenses aren't up. 🤷‍♂️I do feel bad for the boomers who have to liquidate their valuable houses just to afford healthcare, etc though., and for their kids.
wAiT bUt iTs a suPpLy iSsue nOt inFlaTioN dUmMy!
The ability to work from anywhere means jobs will start being outsourced at a rapid rate. Those you're competing with also have access to the same online classes. My parents bought a house in their early 30s and I'd struggle, even with good job prospects relative to the average 20-something, to do the same without inheriting their property. Fair enough you might be doing okay as a 30-something, but those of us just entering the job market will struggle to develop careers having missed over a year of networking due to Covid (apart from those who'll get a job with daddy), and will completely miss out on "cheap money". Interest rates are going up and soon enough 16-25s will have a 'perfect' storm of high interest rates and low job prospects. Can't wait.
Pygmy dance theory.  The man may not have enough for a house, be he sure can dance! 🕺
My parents don't track the household spending, but somehow my mother, who is not a big spender, has managed to need more than 25% more money just to keep up with inflation. The one thing which my father could explain is that the public utilities district is charging more than twice as much for electricity than it once did.In the case of my parents they have given help to all of their children (some of my siblings much more than others) over the last 15 years or so. On the one hand Boomers who had good incomes, and spent frivolously deserve much contempt, but there were plenty of people who couldn't rise above blue collar work, and I do feel bad for them.
Curious what your Masters is in and what area of the country you live in?
&gtThey have no income though, versus young people who still have earning potential. Tf are you taking about? That generation has 35 trillion in collective savings in the US alone. They have retirement income + the social security funding theyve spent 40 years destroying.
Forty years after the Reagan Revolution and they’re not getting a steady trickle coming down?  Inconceivable.
The older generation has been voting in the politicians that caused the mess we are currently in. We now have to fix the fucking country they broke if we want any chance at all.I’m 30, got a masters at 21 and still don’t make enough money to buy a home. I moved back in with family so I can finally afford to save for a down payment.This country is fucked, and the younger generation inherited a massive amount of bullshit from these assholes. Ironically they are now realizing socialist programs like social security need fucking funding.
We should vote to end social security and watch them pull themselves up by their bootstraps I have another 47 years till I can even take social security rather put the 100 dollars a week in my ira
But at at least he saved .16 cents on his hot dog 🌭
Isn't that still the boomers fault?
&gt Are they going to be screaming to privatize the fed if we get more than 2.5% for a year?  Nah, probably just jack up Social Security taxes even higher.  At this point, I don't blame folks in the middle income bracket who unironically talk about dodging taxes.
&gt Over the past several months, however, Linehan has noticed a spike in prices for necessities like food and gasoline. He has seen higher costs for grocery staples like bread and milk. There have also been steady hikes in gasoline prices, limiting his ability to travel.&gt“It’s like now that we’re getting over [the pandemic] everybody’s jacking prices up,” he said.&gtThe rising food costs have been particularly troubling for Linehan, who receives monthly benefits from the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, known as SNAP. While SNAP benefits grew during the pandemic, he expects it to drop back to $16 per month once the state’s Covid-19 relief runs out.  If you would normally get $16/mo in SNAP and your rent is only $500/mo, that means financially you are doing much, much better than most Americans. Stop whining.  CNBC could do a better job of coming up with SOB stories.
[deleted]
&gt inflation is a lot higher than 4% depending on how you're calculating it.  My bad. I forgot the part where boomers are shouldering the costs of overpriced houses and school tuition.
if i'm getting fucked this young, they should get fucked too, we're all in this together bitch
The fed is privatized
Not even one quarter of above average inflation and the bleating starts. Fucking boomers.
inflation is a lot higher than 4% depending on how you're calculating it.
One quarter of 4% inflation after a year at 1%. These articles really are ridiculous.Are they going to be screaming to privatize the fed if we get more than 2.5% for a year?
This is a let them eat cake type of title. Fucking lunatics.
[deleted]
More than $1
“Casualties” implies a fund going out of business. These funds are still going strong and collecting their fees
A large part of their pay is performance related. Losses are losses. Whilst they company may still make money, it’s wrong to think there aren’t casualties. Not everybody at a firm drives a lambo.
Any reputable hedge funds are usually wait for it......hedged on any large position so they aren't terribly in pain. Also the short squeezes are mostly done by other hedge funds hammering millions in calls and setting their trading bots loose to bid up the price.
Basically anything that reports actual news/fact is mainstream media nowadays
Yahoo is your definition of MSM?
Thank you. No clicks for MSM
10. Citron   9. Maverick   8. Citadel   7. Candlestick   6. Point72   5. D1   4. Maplelane   3. Light Street   2. Melvin   1. White Square
Exactly.  Fees come out first regardless of performance. “So we lost 70% of your money but I am still going to have to collect that 3% management fee.”
Lord almighty that article was a nightmare to get to he top 5 on mobile. Seems like a fun YouTube video to make though. Got this one bookmarked!
None of these are “casualties.” These funds are all still in existence and collecting their management fees and driving Lambos.
So long story short looks like the markets are in fine health and absolutely no reason to worry about any downwards correction.
One of the most important chat books in the world. BlackRock Investment Institute quarterly piece up there too - out next week. https://www.blackrock.com/corporate/insights/blackrock-investment-institute
They've got audio with the slides here:https://am.jpmorgan.com/us/en/asset-management/adv/insights/market-insights/guide-to-the-markets/
Asking the real questions
What does Ja Rule think about all this?
How am I supposed to trust JP Morgan when they said Bitcoin was a scam for so long. Now they’re long crypto? Looks like they have bags to unload.
You want ETH to fly? Have JPM adopt the ETH network to eliminate redundancies in their own antiquated financial technology infrastructure. Then have JPM start advising their wealthiest clients on options/future trading... You should care because all the retail crypto investors in the world dont even come close to holding 1/5 of the buying power an institutional investor. Here's the story no one wants to hear. You're never going to be a billionaire, and you will always be at the will of whichever institution has the buying power to make decisions.
&gt smarter that JPM analystsThe same JPM analysts that recommend NKLA stock?Let's get real here.. JPM is out for JPM not you or me.
Ha this was my exact thought.
Proof of stake systems generally pay a percentage of however much you have staked. So it’s meaningless to say “the average person won’t gain much” because it’s all dependent on how much they have staked just like any other investment. And ETFs are certainly not the most stable investment. They may have the best sharpe ratio, but they’re far from stable!
Yeah, and computer code and mathematics kind of work how they do in practice as on paper, that’s the whole point of blockchain technology. If you don’t believe in anything when it’s still in an “on paper” state then you’ll always be late to the game and miss out on all the money that is made. Imagine thinking Amazon, Facebook, and Netflix were just “on paper” ideas.
... it's the same return percentage regardless how much you stake. you still are getting a return. you can't get any returns from bitcoin.
lol come on you're misinforming here. right now you can't get into bitcoin mining without sending thousands and thousands. whereas you can buy any amount of eth. stake it in a pool and star receiving money. it's a lot more accessible. please stop spreading misinfo. even if crypto in general is hated around these parts it will be it's own downfall. no need to mislead people
[deleted]
[deleted]
There's no optics, they are big money. If you are still holding onto the thoughts of crypto for the people revolution banks are gonna dissappear you're gonna be real disappointed. You want ETH to go to 10k? It's big time institutional investment that's gonna get it done.
Serious question, because I keep seeing headlines like this. Why should we care what JPMorgan or other traditional finance companies and CEOs say about crypto? Most don’t own crypto, we’re strongly against crypto just a couple years ago, and are probably only putting out crypto PR because they realize they need to change the optics due to previous comments.
They shouldnt even be allowed to operate at this point
They certainly have deep pocketed investors who are strongly motivated to keep the business going and get to an IPO, but this should be a warning for other investors not to put money into the IPO. This is a business with a massive valuation on relatively low revenue, and serious operational and legal risks.
They are. Something like a quarter of the fine is refunding affected people, but you have to keep in mind that FINRA only steps in when there are documented complaints with evidence of violations of the rules. Most people probably aren't reporting issues or documenting them sufficiently.Which is why despite all the complaints you see on Reddit the fine itself seems small. If those people would spend less time complaining on Reddit and more time writing to the regulator...
Didn't they raise like 1.3b during the whole GameStop mess?
Robinhood said it generated net income of $7.45 million on net revenue of $959 million in 2020. compared with a loss of $107 million on $278 million the previous year.So, i think so, yeah.
Does $70 million even hurt robinhood?
You're right, they should fine them based on their customers holdingshttps://i.imgur.com/lB5wmMp.png
That would be the right thing to do. Unfortunately in the world of finance, the right thing is often overlooked.
This is a lot of money for finra to get too. They are not a government agency. This is like your HOA fining you before sending you to the police (SEC)
They should have to give that $70mil to the customers affected then or at least a solid portion of it.
“Robinhood negligently offered false information regarding whether customers could place trades on margin, how much cash was present in their accounts, how much buying power customers had, and the risks they faced by executing certain options transactions” The argument FINRA is making here is that these aren’t consequences someone should have to suffer for choosing to engage in the capital markets. Robinhood users that chose to buy ETFs may have also had to deal with some of the same consequences
Finra isn’t authorized to give jail time. That would probably be the sec or the fbi
Not quite. They were dealing with regulatory capital requirements. There's some weird requirements that when someone buys a stock, the broker has to put up money to the clearinghouse (and not the clients money) while the sale is pending. There's some formula for how much is required. Robinhood (and webull and some others) hit a "we don't have enough cash to meet the regulatory requirements for more trades on these stocks" so did what they had to do. (Sales don't require putting up capital from the broker ... So....)It may be that the rules on the clearinghouse stuff were largely set by the other firms you're calling out, but they existed long before RH.
I know this is a repost and the story is everywhere right now, but this comment thread is way more reasonable than any other sub
People only lose money when those evil Wall Street 1%ers rig everything against us like Melvin Capital /sHeavy emphasis on the /s here
Peoples lives are ruined everyday in this game
Aaaaaaaaand they just lost it all FDs. Nature is healing.
They made $7.4 mm in 2020, before that they were posting over a hundred million a year in net loss
Read. It’s literally the first sentence FINRA announced today that it has fined Robinhood Financial LLC $57 million and ordered the firm to pay approximately $12.6 million in restitution, plus interest, to thousands of harmed customers.
This ain’t nearly enough. There needs to be jail time. People lives were ruined.
The money goes to r/wallstreetbets
Who gets this money?
Pretty typical Reddit shit. Especially since the GME frenzy started. People are super confident in their knowledge of things they know nothing about.
I tried to post something on this in r/robinhood yesterday to inform the hivemind, but the mods over there had it blocked - tried to link the FINRA press release and got a message that it had already been posted so couldn't be posted again (but it wasn't visible anywhere so they clearly posted &amp deleted).
Let's not forget the SEC hit them with $65mil back in December too.
It was 10x their profit. I don’t think you know very much about how businesses manage and utilize capital.
We already have a post on thishttps://www.reddit.com/r/finance/comments/ob22uy/finra_orders_record_financial_penalties_against/
10% is a fuckton. 670m was their revenue, not their profit. It's likely the 70m fine took away their entire profit margin which is a big deal for them.
Not exactly. This is revenue, not profit. Robinhood had a net profit of 7 million in 2020 from what I can find. https://techcrunch.com/2021/07/01/robinhood-files-to-go-public-after-squeaking-to-profitability-in-2020/
Can you just re-read your comment? Comments like this make reddit a lesser place.10% of revenue is a lot for anyone and I promise you that you’d be mad if you lost 10% of your gross salary.
And before anyone claims otherwise, 70 million is a lot of money for Robinhood. In 2020, they had 670 million in revenue.
Tenev: * sets dreams on IPO. “FINRA? Pfffft”
Volatility can be measured in a lot of ways. The VIX measures implied volatility of S&ampP 500 options across strikes dated approximately 30 days in the future.The more accurate statement of how to interpret this chart is that the market is pricing volatility of the S&ampP 500 over the next 30 days as it priced volatility over the next 30 days 5 years ago.
Interesting how OP has such a pro-UAE post history. 🥱
“Companies **used to** remain a part of…” would be a better way to say what you mean
Yea this is totally all because of Biden.
You’ve never heard of the, “sell the news” phenomenon?
I thought this.I thought this many times!But did the banks come ask me what I thought?***NO***Do not ask I feel pity as yet another branch closes.
Are you saying you think we’re at the top? Because this report is saying we still have another 7% to go in the next year so the top is still coming
Specifically 2 red ones, if not dial me to the call center to complain.
As someone who works in a bank, yes it's trending downwards but people still love coming to the bank. I can't tell you how many times I have to help people with PayPal issues or something similar because they cannot get any support help online. Being able to talk to an actual person is needed sometimes. Granted I work for a more local bank that emphasizes good service. Bigger banks might not be helpful in person. Hopefully local banks make a comeback. For a while they keep getting bought up
This is true. It is also motivational for a quicker project completion - hey I'll pay the 2nd half in cash if you can get it done by the 31st, etc. As a very lazy homeowner this has been a go-to lol
&gtThe IMF, in its annual "Article IV" assessment of U.S. economic policies, said the revised forecast represents the fastest pace of growth in a generation for the United States. "Indicators suggest significant labor market slack remains which should serve as a safety valve to dampen underlying wage and price pressures," the IMF said in its review statement. The Fund added that it expects U.S. inflation expectations to remain well-anchored, but these "will be obscured in the coming months by significant, transitory movements in relative prices," which could cause personal consumption expenditure inflation to temporarily peak at close to 4% later this year.
Please! I am a "preferred customer". When i go the branch they dail the call center for me from their desk. And if later i need to ask something, they'll dail the call center again
Oh yeah, they love cash.My hypothesis is they may not report all of that as income.
Funny, last time I got cash was to buy legal weed but not legal enough to take credit cards.Gambling is online though.
Clearly you don't buy drugs or have a love of gambling.
Home repair. I can typically get a better price from local home maintenance folks by paying cash.
Only reason I can think of is small business. Cash is dead too.
Couple things to call out here. Branches =/= staffed branches. FIs in some markets are keen on retaining branches without staff. Others are pivoting to branch-less strategies. There is a big difference both in terms of cost, execution/strategy, brand, and market. And finally consumer and commercial banks approach this differently, particularly if there is a high need for cash-conversion services for merchants (think laundromats with all their coin, food service, etc).Branches will *eventually* die off. But that is not going to happen tomorrow, and probably not for many more years. I liken it to the Tesla phenomenon: it works in certain markets, but it doesn't work everywhere. On top of that, having a **staffed** branch strategically located can be part of your banks competitive advantage, especially if you take a community-based focused vs a BofA or Chase.I am a bank executive, and I can tell you that we have discussed both piloting staffless branches, as well as introducing self-service tech in staffed branches to reduce opex. In surveys we've run the feedback varies by community, as you can imagine. More insular, rural areas like the communal aspect of the friendly teller face. The more metro areas we serve can care less and are all about self-serve and digital now.
Or to get cash greater than daily ATM limit.
Your last sentence is way wrong. Theres still a lot of economically "fragile" people who cash checks or withdraw their direct deposit from a financial institution. Check out branches in lower income areas on Fridays and you'll see what I mean.
we need small local banks to survive, the last thing I want is the entire sector to be the fed, BOA, wells fargo and JPM. we will all be very sad in that timeline
Never needed a Notary Public?
I've seen multiple new banks being built near me in the last year.  small, unrecognizable names.  purely anecdotal, I know.which sucks, because we get excited that the new build is gonna be a nice restaurant or pub or something, and it's some bank that we will never, ever, use.
Who would’ve thought that you don’t need 5 banks on one block?
According to Capitol One, yes... until they started opening up branches.
Don’t forget when you go branch they will tell you to dial the Call Center.
I’ve gone almost 20 years without needing a physical branch (USAA).
This is an inevitable byproduct of the rise of online banking. Need to transfer money? There’s an app for that. Need to deposit a check? There’s an app for that. Imo the only reason people still go to a branch is to deposit cash.
Yep. And those sweet manager fees. Literally money for nothing.
You’re supposed to convert your equity to bonds over time to insulate yourself from market volatility.
The 401k is the most devious fucking trick that Wall Street ever pulled — they figured out a way to tie the well-being of the average American directly to the strength of the market without letting them actually play the game. That way, no matter how bad they fuck us, everyone will be extremely gunshy about regulating them in any way because they can always play the “nice retirement fund you’ve got there, it would be a shame if something happened to it” card. It’s a goddamn hostage situation.
You might be right, but being a veteran real estate broker doesn't qualify you to forecast home prices.
Retirement accounts
Uhhh how are your taxes looking with this strategy?
If someone believes this to be the case( the market is inflated and a correction is coming) where should a person be putting assets?Is housing the only option?
Real estate companies and investment firms will purchase those homes and rent them back to our broke asses. The journey towards neo-feudalism is almost complete.
Not gonna disagree, but the folks here crying about a bubble in the US just reminded me of Canadians crying about a housing bubble in mid-2010s. People who sat on the sidelines at that time really hurt themselves, financially speaking.My point was really that the housing "bubble" in America, if it exists, seems very early in its stages.
We're in this together?
Montana is fucking awesome tbh
My opinion I don’t think there are going to be allot of foreclosures, even so I think the bank would sell in this market. In 2008 you had foreclosure, banks extended and prices falling. If people were missing payments to the point like 2008, it would be reflected in an earnings report by now.Honestly the biggest bubble isn’t real estate, it’s the stock market due to low rates, there is no place aside from real estate and the stock market to stash cash to hedge inflation. Market inflation is due to all the money given out. It’s propped up prices, at some point we will have a correction but it won’t be housing.
When foreclosures open back up do you think they'll be snatched up by investment companies pretty quick?
21 year veteran real estate broker here, the shit is about to hit the fan.  It’s just a question of how much shit.
Don't worry! Private equity funds now have enough money, thanks to the central bank, to buy all the houses so we common people don't even have to worry.
And retirement in the stock market— that’s why we can never let it go down again.  If the fed lets the markets bust, every Americans retirement is wiped out.  It’s a suicide pact of growth
Business insider is not and has never been a credible source.
Wouldn't it depend on if it's systemic fraud?
Wells Fargo is still under a consent order and maybe the biggest penalty box of all-time. If there was still systemic fraud to this extent there, they would be ripped apart.
You can always find someone who is doing the wrong thing. Doesn't mean lessons weren't learned and the system is an issue.
Voting boomers who have their entire retirement wrapped up in the value of their home
That's a good article, but that points to fraud not systemic risk in my opinion. There *could* be systemic risks from that type of fraud, but I'm skeptical it will be anything like 2008. The allegation identifies $150 billion in inflated funds, which isn't that much all things considered.I'm not trying to be contrarian or come across like a mouthpiece, just trying to be realistic about how I see the situation.
Young people don’t vote and hey if we make young people homeless they can probably vote even less, right? /s
Roaring 20s 2.0 over here
I have been calling this for years. FINRA is like the IRS, they work slow but they always get their money. And once you’re on the radar you’re a prime target. This will be the first of many.
Banks and regulators learned from that crash?Lol, nope!  https://www.propublica.org/article/whistleblower-wall-street-has-engaged-in-widespread-manipulation-of-mortgage-funds
I'm Canadian, and this country is probably at least a decade ahead of the US in terms of the elevated housing prices curve - so I think I can chime in with some authority. And I say unto you Yanks:Don't be quick to assume that things are in a "bubble", based on media headlines and Reddit comments. Even if it's a bubble, it could last for a good decade, and only partially correct when it eventually bursts.I'm not going to tell you to go ham in on home purchases, but if you are delaying buying a house because you fear that there is a bubble, then you are far more likely to regret that choice in a few years.Besides, all the doomsayers on this thread sound like they caught a variant of the Berry-itis, and not necessarily because of well-founded information either.
After the 2008 crash, the median price in South Florida fell [over 35%](https://www.bizjournals.com/southflorida/stories/2010/03/15/daily65.html)But there were absolutely properties that sold for like 500k in 2006 and 200k in 2009. I saw it first hand.
Yesterday, with rates at historic lows even as they go up the supply isn’t likely to increase with it. The next glut maybe baby boomer homes as they sell to downsize.
Yeah some of the data on housing prices has seems extreme, but it reflects an underlying strong market: * Lenders have tighter standards - buyers have higher credit ratings and put down higher down payments. They're chasing low rates instead of easy access to credit * New home construction lags behind demand, vs. the building bonanza of the mid-2000s * More mortgages are backed by GSEs so the securities packaged by financial institutions carry less risk * A lot of the buying was expedited by COVID i.e. people moving to the suburbs and out of cities So even though the market seems a bit frothy I think a lot of it is pretty justified Related: [https://www.wsj.com/articles/the-pandemic-ignited-a-housing-boombut-its-different-from-the-last-one-11615824558](https://www.wsj.com/articles/the-pandemic-ignited-a-housing-boombut-its-different-from-the-last-one-11615824558)
This is an underrated comment
This doesn’t help me.As someone who is making good money now, no savings anymore (dumped to keep my business  afloat), and bad credit that is slowly getting better (student loans defaulted RIGHT BEFORE pandemic, though I’m out of that mess and making regular payments now), when should I look at getting a house?Just wait it out for a few more years?  It’s the difference between decorating my current place to actually make it a home or keep it bare and just save.
70% discount, huh? That’s a pretty big assumption. That would reset like 80 years of growth in the housing market.You might see like a 20-30% drop. That’s a crash. What you’re suggesting has never happened.
Overnight rates. So LIBOR, Fed Funds, or whatever other benchmark you want to use. The Fed is simultaneously printing money via QE and then taking dollars out of circulation via Reverse Repo although those are very different mechanisms so I’m not sure you can really infer much from one or the other. Hard to argue that there aren’t a lot of dollars in circulation though given the amount of reverse repo needed to keep short term rates in the Fed’s target window.
You know reverse repo takes cash OUT of the market right? It’s function is to keep rates higher
The stock market is over leveraged setting new all-time highs daily in terms of margin debt. The Federal Reserve pumped too much liquidity into the market and is now issuing the largest reverse repo in history because so much cash in the system has left it on the knifes edge in terms of inflation. This is why raw materials and goods are getting more expensive- it's no longer the fault of the pandemic stunting growth, now it's a problem of what the value of the dollar will get you in terms of goods and services.Not to mention, 60% of cash in circulation didn't exist in January 2021. Doesn't take a PhD in economics to look at that and go "oh shit, that not how an economy CAN function."Edit: this crash is not centered on mortgage backed securities like 2008, but it's coming nonetheless
Why do you think the housing market is in a bubble?I don’t believe it’s in a bubble and here’s my broad overview on my reasoning. The 2008 crash was a historic blip because of subprime mortgages. Banks and regulators learned from that crash, and to purchase real estate in 2020 takes a high credit rating, high down payment, or mortgage insurance. The demand for housing is historically high, and the supply is historically low. Banks have been lending responsibly, and the market forces re-enforce that it’s not a bubble.
[deleted]
Hol upThis ignores the massive experiment of forcing people to stay home for an entire year and the reverberations of EVERYONE reevaluating their living situation. It also ignores the fact that 96 MILLION millennials just aged into homeownership while boomers were still mocking them for living in their parents basements. Only after those two things should it be brought up that the FED keeping rates low is propelling housing.
I moved to Montana from Iowa.My rent went from $450 for a two bedroom to $1650 for a two bedroom.And my current place is trashier than what I moved from.
The buying keeps the rates low, encouraging more buyers
How does Fed buying mortgage backed securities push up the housing market? Can anyone explain, I'm new to the Finance world
You would be shocked how many newbie moon boy "experts" that have done all of two BRRR deals think this is going to be never-ending.  I get morons constantly trying to challenge me even when I post supporting evidence.  It's ok though, these are the people I watch and hit up their lenders to buy at 70% discount when the shit hit the fan
*shakes magic 8 ball* all signs point to yesterday
It did! Houses being sold for over 300k in less then 2 years without any rehab on it? That is not feasible
Of course it did. Anyone who doesn't realize everything is in a bubble is either blind or lying.
FWIW, most of the FAANG companies pay more than that to new college grads (and have been for almost 10 years), as do any companies competing with them for talent.
All - no, just a lot of us. Climate change isn’t going to be a single, cataclysmic event. It’s just gonna slowly make the world an awfully shitty place to live. Between now and 2050, it’ll take its toll on undeveloped countries then it will come for everybody else. As for the billionaires, fuck’em let them go to space. It’s a massive, desolate wasteland. Trying to colonize Mars will be far worse than anything climate change can ever throw at us. Planet will be hot, but at least we have water.
“The pay hike, which takes effect July 1, means some millennials and Gen Zers will be making six-figure salaries fresh out of college.JPMorgan is also raising second-year analyst salaries to $105,000 from $90,000, and third-year salaries from $95,000 to $110,000, the source said, confirming a report from Insider. A JPMorgan spokesman declined to comment.”
Oh I’m joining the Air Force. Gonna pay my mothers rent with the money for a few months. Military benefits are low key the best around for someone in my socioeconomic class, and they’re going to teach me to code. Gotta get to that college somehow.
I know based on my previous job in the fast food industry that 40hrs a week, wouldn't even get me a studio apartment where I lived. I was in fucking North Dakota making $11/hr.   If minimum wage can't even get you a STUDIO apartment then we have a fucked up system.
Renters are greedy? Don't you mean landlords?
Yeah I’m sure stagnant wages and salaries since Reagan and total disillusionment with a corrupt government and economic system have nothing to do with it
Damn, never thought of that
We can thank the boomers yet again as they age, empty nest, and downsize to three bedroom homes. Good fucking luck finding a starter home right now.
Nah, sadly for most of us, we're living in a pseudo-Activision reality and our Consumer Energy hasn't refilled from the last time we tried to get a new house or job. Stupid weekly life lockouts!
The author is an asshat. I stopped reading there too.
This article is all over the place, going from hedge funds driving up home prices to criminal justice reform forcing Asian Americans to vacate cities.  Hyperbole much?
Millennials are in their 30s and still haven't chosen to re-roll their character, clearly they must enjoy their build.
Let's be clear... record home price increases are NOT due to big corporate investors buying homes.It's due to a severe lack of building the last 13 years, millennials aging into homeownership, historically low mortgage rates, and the fact that at least 1/3 of the population is rethinking their living situation due to large cities locking down movement. To be clear, I work for a large investment firm that specializes in this space. I'm not spewing bullshit. That said- you, OP, are trying to position this as a narrative of "big corporate investor bad".
If the extreme case of the Florida collapse scared you from living in a condo, you should probably avoid all buildings over 2-3 stories. Not to mention traveling in a car or near a road, much less going outsideWhat happened was terrible, but the odds of it happening to you are as infinitesimal as before, and independent of that building happening
They’re fucking gaslighting us lol.  I got into a house by the skin of mine and my fiancé’s teeth because I was tired of the rent rising, I’ve got a note to pay but this will certainly pay off in a few years. They were going to increase our rent, so we asked to buy and they were willing. Mortgage, insurance, and taxes costs less than the fucking rent.  I know half my college classmates will probably never have a mortgage, if not more. I’m kinda scared to see what life looks like for young people trying to make it in 20/30/40 years
Of course! If you didn’t, you would have simply chosen to be born rich or in a different era.
The problem isn’t how much they currently own. The problem is how much they are buying and how quickly they are buying it. I’d say a small market has 1000 homes for sale with 1200 active buyers there’s competition keeping the prices steady but what happens when 750 homes are bought by private firms? You now have 250 homes for 1200 buyers which in turn over inflates the value of these homes. At the same time less holes are being built and sold while more buyers enter the market making a house that has a reasonable value of 300k rise to 450k +
These aren’t banks buying them. They are private equity firms. Also, this has taken off a lot lately, and didn’t get near as much hear when Blackrock DID THE EXACT SAME THING COMING OUT OF 2008. That said- institutional investors own less than 2% of US homes.
Yeah I generally found myself agreeing with it, and then it just dove straight into absolute prejudiced nonsense starting with the bit about Millenials.
No kidding.
The article took a pretty hard turn towards the end with unsupported statements and conclusions and some random racism throwing the whole thing in doubt.
Could be condos instead of apartments. That's ownership of a sort.
&gtBoomers retire and are replaced by indebted Millenials. Those are renters not owners. This is the generation that embraced funemployment, gigs and destroyed   consumer norms. They don’t need the attachment of owning anything.Stopped reading here. Seriously? Do they really think we wanted to live this way?
I have no idea why a bank is allowed to do anything other than provide financial services. Why are banks allowed to actively purchase real estate ? Their easy access to capital gives them an unfair advantage.
SF has plenty of space to build: upwards. Yes, that means mostly apartments which means more renters than owners, but the relevant market is really for “a roof over my head” rather than “a roof over my head that I own.” So as supply increases the price of renting and owning will go down.
Chinese don’t actually own land. They lease from their government for 99 years or something. They love the generational wealth owning western property can bring.
This is my key takeaway from this article, I've often been amazed at how the banks were able to slow roll the return of property into the market after the crash of 2009. But I hadn't considered that they also would have been the primary lenders lending money to builders so it would have been in their interest to suppress new housing starts.
People just can’t seem to wrap their heads around the fact that our problems are systemic in nature and rarely just “bad guys.” The real world is too boring for people expecting a super hero narrative I think.
Likely a bit of both
Ding ding ding. Prices are rising but supply is lagging, the only problem here is that supply is being suppressed.
The issue is that a normal commodity would just experience supply growth if demand pushed the price up like this. Housing works differently where supply is artificially constrained by prohibitive regulation in many places. The actual material and labor cost of constructing a house (or the cost of a slice of an apartment building) is within reach of way more people than the actual price of housing as a result. Even if we’re okay with transitioning to more of a renter society, which I am, the price of real estate is way too high relative to its production cost. It’s eating up more of people’s income each year than incomes are rising, clearly unsustainable.Think about it like cars, if we banned most new vehicle production we’d see used car prices rising and the fares for car rentals rising too. Whether you rent or own isn’t really the issue at stake, in both cases prices are rising.
The answer is to allow new supply to be built. The reason investors see homes as viable investments is the expectation that supply will remain constrained even as demand grows, pushing up future values. For too long we have consciously used induced housing scarcity as a vehicle for middle class people to build wealth. It’s essentially a roundabout way of a public pension system really, transferring money from each new generation to the last as values rise faster than incomes. But it can’t last forever, it’s still a bubble. Barring foreign buyers or non-resident buyers or an empty house tax won’t ultimately address the root cause, which is intentional scarcity.
“It’s quite simple.” This is SO far from the truth I have to wonder about why you bothered commenting at all.
These expensive places are starting to become cities like Boise and Albuquerque, far from places that anyone would consider some hip metropolis. Institutions will keep buying up every property that they see until you're going to be saying 'well just move out of America if it's getting too expensive'
What about who is building homes? Or better yet, why aren't new homes being built?[https://fred.stlouisfed.org/graph/?g=EMX7](https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/HOUST)After 10 years of recovery from the 2008 housing crash, we're barely at average historic levels, but with a 10 year backlog of housing under-supply.
From what I understand, it's not them actually making the buys. They are invested in American firms/banks and those companies are making the buys.  right?
It doesn’t have to be new to be a major contributor to the continued increase in prices. Eventually the prices push up to the point where the middle class is priced out. Sustained buying over time is a powerful force on upward price action. It means demand never wanes, so prices never ease.
Thanks for well thought out and clearly articulated explanation dawg, but this is reddit so I'm gonna go with "a shadowy cabal of republicans, lizard people, and hedge funds is to blame."
It shouldn't need to be explained that people choose where to live based on more factors than just being "cool"Maybe their family is there. Maybe their college is there. Maybe they have some special attachment to the area. It's absurdly reductive to the point of willful ignorance to pretend like the only thing keeping people tied to a location is preferring to live in a "cool" city.
&gt The problem that created our current situation is that the banks and entities that held these homes to sell were also responsible for lending to builders. Why would they fund builders of new homes when they had millions of homes to unload?Hmm…
I’m pretty sure the wealthy Russian and Chinese money has been there all along, so it’s nothing “new” driving the current trend, per se.
The article makes no mention of foreign money but from what I understand wealthy Chinese, Russian, etc. investors are a major contributing factor to the problem as well.
[deleted]
Honestly, depending on the area (and CoL) even the “above average” person from an income perspective is screwed..
I agree corporations should be limited in purchasing residential property especially if fed/tax money is being used in any form. Where as individuals should not be limited.
People’s parents. We were among the last generation of home buyers. I am a rarity in that I can afford to build a spec home. But the people we bought our starter house from and now sold our starter house to both had their parents actually paying for the house. Home ownership will be for the upper middle class and above in most of the country
Lots of talk of institutional investing as well as foreign buyers. Limits need to be put on both of those.
Listen, I love a big bank conspiracy theory as much as the next guy, but home builders didn't build because they either A. went out of business, or B. there wasn't demand. The lending conditions towards their buyers tightened but the hangover from negative equity is what slowed the market. Also in places where foreclosures were expedited the 2008 crash as far as housing goes ended earlier. If I am a fund manager looking for middle to upper single digit nearly risk free returns with billions of dollars to invest...it ain't going to be in bonds. I am looking for ARR in terms of renting with appreciating assets.
I don’t know what the answer is here - but institutional money purchasing an entire sub-division sets a sort of scary precedent. While I think the federal government should in no way be able to limit any sort of investment by a sophisticated investor - I do think something needs to be done to still allow Americans to purchase a starter home. I know they could theoretically keep searching for real estate further and further from what they want - but at what point does that threshold become unreasonable? Who defines unreasonable? Is unreasonable ok?Either way - extremely interesting to watch play out.
Clearly you didn't read the article, it literally states "the middle and upper middle classes of the cities are heavily Asian now"
So what you’re saying is the average person is totally screwed at this point? I can’t wait till global warming reduces the number of habitable areas!
Institutional money
Cov-Delta has entered the chat
We…are still in a pandemic…
"If you vote for Biden, the stock market will crash"
it was published in an effort to sell advertising slots no doubt.
I’m not really sure what the purpose of this article is. Am I missing something insightful?
Everyone noticed, this is clickbait
Post-pandemic?
Doesn’t the famous, or infamous depending on your POV, Buffet indicator use the Wilshire 5000?If that’s the case, some journalist have used the hell out of it (maybe unwittingly) lately.
&gtThe reason you didn’t hear about Double Day is that the indicator that I’m using to announce its arrival, the Wilshire 5000 Total Market Index, isn’t as widely recognized as it should be. Another reason for the lack of celebration is that the market indicators that most people and most financial journalists use — the Dow and the S&ampP 500 index — haven’t doubled. On Friday, Wilshire said that the 5K had closed 100.5 percent — approximately $23.7 trillion — above its March 23 bottom.
This means that people are stopping claiming benefits. Duh. It’s got zero to do with the number of ppl taking jobs or the number of Jobs unfilled.
People also forget that being “employed” does not mean much if it’s minimum wage, at/below the poverty line. Many of the jobs reported are in industries like retail, restaurants, customer service, etc. These are the sectors where people are delaying employment, bc they know it’s a crap shoot entering back into the workforce for low wages.
But that graph shows that states that stopped early have a higher decrease in unemployment claims. I think the accelerated rate is more related to people naturally making the choice to go back as the benefits end in July. If the high benefit yield is the cause of unemployment, one would assume that the rate would not accelerate after a time for the states that ended the unemployment benefits.
You come off of unemployment for a variety of reasons to include getting a job, exceeding the entitlement window, or dying from SARS-CoV-2.
A lot of companies are putting job openinhs out because it's required for their emergency loans. But they aren't hiring people so they can continue to have the job listing out there and continue receiving their loans.
In North Korea, they also have an effective treatment against Covid. It's called a bullet. 100% effective vs Western vaccines.
An actual article with data!The tldr right now is: https://graphics.reuters.com/USA-ECONOMY/JOBS/xklpyxkeevg/chart.pngStates that have **not** stopped unemployment benefits have seen their unemployment rate go down at an accelerated rate above and beyond the states that have removed unemployment benefits.  The data so far is backwards from what common sense would suspect.
Entire article is Missouri vs National....so technically Data point of 1. Nothing on other states or comparison, or reduction rate on other states. No wonder people say journalism is dead :'(
Great point. So many times statistics are used to manipulate a conclusion.Just because you aren't counting them doesn't mean they are now employed.
Someone making 90k in San Francisco would basically be on food stamps... that's why you can't find anyone.
No, it’s not that at all. The unemployment was put in place to help those left without a paycheck due to the pandemic. It often yielded very healthy sums of money well above minimum wage. The pandemic is mostly behind us and everyone is more than able to get vaccinated should they choose. The unemployment was here because of the pandemic. Pandemic is addressable, if not over, due to the vaccine. Now you go back to work. Your comment begs a certain desire to sound insightful without taking the effort to scratch even a hair below the surface of this issue.
I mean when I was looking for a job I just wouldn’t get back to places if I found something better.  Heck 90% of the places I applied to I never heard anything back from.
Depends on the sector. Hospitality wages are probably among the most likely to be undervalued. Electrical engineer is probably more properly valued, but it’s also a smaller industry than hospitality. The average worker is not likely to be an engineer of any kind.
Maybe labor is valued artificially low
The shortages here are because some companies **reacted** to COVID and cancelled commodity and component orders and some **anticipated** it an held steady or increased their orders and warehoused their goods. This caused adjustments by commodity producers. Layoffs last year in Lumber, oil etc... are largely the cause of those shortages. But this is why you have GM/Ford with football fields of unfinished cars waiting for semiconductors while Apple launched a whole new line of products based on a whole new, custom chip designs. They both use the same chip provider TSMC. But GM cut it's sweetheart chip deal during the pandemic and Apple literally financed new chip lines in preparation for the M1. Now GM is being asked to pay market prices for custom silicon and their balking at the price/delivery timeline. That story has been playing out all across the market and that's what's causing the chaos. Not labor.
You're right, there's no middle ground between these two extremes.
Or they got better stuff elsewhere? Hiring managers often don’t give people follow ups or offers after interviews, so getting ghosted in return shouldn’t be too big a shock.
Dude where are you? Engineering candidates cannot get even close yo half here
What’s your locale? Maybe no one wants to take the $90k because it would get them as far as $50k elsewhere.
As long as you're willing to work jobs so shitty that everyone quits them.
Or those people who do get a job could be under-employed so is it great they are out working? Probably not.
&gt Commodities spiking and shortages are exactly what you would expect if unemployment benefits are too high.You'd expect a glut in commodities with a shortage of manufacturered goods. We've organized our economy in such a way that raw commodities are mostly imported from places where US labor laws and policies don't apply.  What we're seeing is the logistical nightmare caused by companies lowering orders less commodities and components during COVID and then trying to order more to make up for it post COVID. Almost none of the current macro-ecobomic issues are caused by this labor "shortage."
Credentials to get a job on my engineering team: 1) have a pulse2) engineering degree (mechanical or electrical)We start comps at $90k and I can’t find candidates
Total taxable income is [around 12 trillion](https://taxfoundation.org/publications/latest-federal-income-tax-data/#:~:text=The%20data%20shows%20that%20the,trillion%20in%20individual%20income%20taxes.) a year. 10% would not cover the 4 trillion or so needed for this. Especially when you factor in that this policy would most likely result in less income being earned. People would retire earlier and generally work less.
The downvotes are because the people I am arguing with are financially invested in their position. You can't expect a balanced approach. If I am right, thats even more reason for them to downvote because it means my arguments pose a bigger threat to their income.
Basically no one makes minimum wage anymore. That’s political bullshit. 250k workers make the minimum. That’s .15% of the labor market. Only 10% of labor force makes less than $15 an hour. The politicians have everyone fighting over something that applies to a teeny tiny piece of the population.
Not sure why you are getting downvoted. In Central Texas you cannot go somewhere without seeing a help wanted sign. Fast Food is starting people at like $15 an hour. No experience. High schoolers. Getting paid $15 an hour to flip burgers is an honest wage for your work. Most of Texas in cities is like this. HTX,DFW, San Antonio are similar to varying degrees. Finding work in Texas right now is not hard.
So what’s your plan? Live under a bridge?
Commodities spiking and shortages are exactly what you would expect if unemployment benefits are too high.When fewer people work, fewer things get made. Making things scarcer and more expensive.
The states with highest unemployment all have generous benefits: Hawaii, New Mexico, California and New York.https://www.bls.gov/web/laus/laumstrk.htm
You have had over a year at this point to find a job, plus Texas has a huge labor shortage right now. Its easy to find work if you really want it.
Good thing there are jobs fucking everywhere right now. Heck, even McDonalds is paying hiring bonuses. Amazon is $15/hr. Etc.
No, the $300 was just the federal addition which was layered on top of each state’s existing UI program, which could range from 0-900 or something. In my deep red state it maxed out at $350 or so for someone making the median wage in their prior work, which means prior to it ending you’d be making $650/week or ~$34K annualized, much of that with favorable tax treatment.I think they should have kept the program going, but there’s a lot of misinformation surrounding how the program actually worked. Which is the sad consequence of the discourse being dominated by people who didn’t actually need to use the UI program at all because of their remote-work positions.
Why pay more when you can just force them into jobs by removing safety nets?
Yes, the fundamental theory of economics still exists.....
Nah... That fails. You hit things like a major disease and need to lock down the world in order to keep it from spreading. You can't have people breaking quarantine to work. It makes the world suck for those who are able to work from home because instead of locking down to only essential services for a few weeks, we end up locked down for a year because people need to work or starve.Better to make sure people have the option to minimize contact without suffering. (That includes normal times - I'd rather not have people showing up to work sick because they can't survive without the hours.)
I read Chile is doing something similar. All the people that die from Covid-19 are counted as recovered, since they’re no longer contagious.
1200\*12 = $14,400. Yes, very good chunk of money. It's not like that's only $2000 above the poverty line for a single person, and $10000 BELOW the poverty line for a family. /s
Fun fact, when FDR created the minimum wage it was supposed to be a living wage but GOP propaganda has brainwashed enough idiots to believe “minimum wage=minimum skills”. He even said “no business which depends for existence on paying less than living wages to its workers has any right to continue in this country”
Except they don’t say anything about hiring numbers or number of job openings. People getting kicked off unemployment doesn’t necessarily mean those people got a job.
That's the beauty of it. Police departments count it to justify their budgets. Left hand/Right hand shit.
You don’t have what you don’t count
&gt In May, the Missouri's unemployment rate was 4.2%, below the national average of 5.8%, according to data from the Department of Labor.Imagine seeing a 4.2% unemployment rate during an international pandemic and blaming the aid package. Commodities are spiking, shortages are everywhere and your first though is, "Oh better make sure people are needy." I hope they cover the inevitable spike in opioid/methamphetamine usage and crime.
$1,200 per month** EXTRA. On top of your states max benefits.
Never let math get in the way of an ideological tirade.
on average no minimum wage job is enough to get by with unless you are single in a shared house situation. If it is disturbing that people would rather be on unemployment then hike the minimum wage to make it pay better.
It's not a matter of make-or-break, it's a matter of **who the hell would willingly work for *less* than they can get for free**?  Federal minimum wage is $7.25, so $290/week gross.  And that $300 is *on top of* any state UI a person qualifies for.Small business owners have been screaming for months that people are flat-out refusing legitimate job offers.  Meanwhile, Reddit's 14YO elite (along with most mass media) have been desperately trying to spin that as some sort of noble protest against Capitalism.  Hey, whaddya know - This news pretty much settles the question, and there's nothing "noble" about it people just aren't dumb enough to give up $300+ for $290-.
Federal minimum wage is silly. The cost of living in rural Alabama does not equate to NYC. Minimum wage should be the minimum wage required to live with necessities (food, shelter, etc.). It’s difficult to set a bar on what is a necessity. Is college a necessity? I bet many would argue yes and no. And, I’m in a state with a significantly higher minimum wage than federal and there are jobs everywhere
The “jobs that are everywhere” are paying federal minimum wage.Even with the extra $300 cut, people will make more in almost all states than making federal minimum wage.
That's ... just not true.  Or not entirely, and leaves out enough detail to be incredibly misleading.Elon Musk, for example, technically was salaried as a CEO at 0 last year.  You could say that in take home pay one of his employees assembling a Tesla was paid more than him, but ... I mean come on.There's also the matter of new businesses that are spinning up.  Maybe, for a time, you're going to live off savings and make less than your employees.  Maybe even minimum wage earners.  But nobody is going to keep that going for long.  It's not practical.Even once you get past that, maybe you're participating in an industry that requires some sort of specialized, highly compensated skill set.  Maybe there are certain key employees that take home a paycheck bigger than the one you choose to pay yourself.  But again, now we are getting into equity again.In any of these cases, we are still talking about someone that is far, far better off than someone making minimum wage, and the public policy position is completely unclouded for me.  Those are not the cases you prioritize.
That's part of the argument for a true UBI. Means tested benefits tend to skew things in weird ways. Like... You should always be better off by working (at least in terms of money), but should be able to survive without starving otherwise.
Many of my suppliers, coming out of COVID, saw an increase in orders by 50 and 60% over an 8 week period, along with material prices spiking 100 and 200% depending on commodity. These small mom and pop shops I buy from don’t have the cash on hand to ramp up, find employees (and pay them above market), and prepay their suppliers for materials, especially since my payment to them doesn’t happen until after I get what I ordered. It’s not just mega corporations, it’s small and medium suppliers who got caught in a shit situation.
I mean, from a finance standpoint this is a problem to pay attention to I suppose.  I disagree, strongly, that he's seeing it incorrectly when it comes to a public policy standpoint.You're comparing 2nd quarter cash flow statement issues to people who are deciding "well, do I pay rent, electricity, or eat this week?"  These are two entirely different calibers of problem for me.  I know which problem I want addressed as a public policy issue.  I know which one I want addressed as a human.I mean seriously, if it's coming down to economic darwinism between people on the lowest rung of life vs business owners, I don't know how you can say "let's adjust public policy for the benefit of the latter" without acknowledging that it's unbelievably cold blooded.  Really, I don't lose a moment of sleep over business owner's welfare.  Change your model, change your prices, cut your executive / managerial / own pay.  Whatever it takes.  Survive.  People that make minimum wage have been trying to figure out how to do just that for a long time now.
Which for me tops out around $500. So $50+$300=$800 per week or $41,600 per year which is pretty good for doing nothing besides job hunting. Even if you were making 80k working 40 hours/week, the unemployment benefits are pretty attractive.Even someone who is legitimatly hunting for a job would be urged to search longer for a better job rather than settling for whatever they can find first.
There’s a reason unemployment is sky-high, on average, in welfare states. In large samples, people will typically make proper cost benefit decisions. So, if the benefit of work is only $800 a month more, why not just take $1,200...In progressive politics, people demonize you if you don’t provide full living for an unemployed person, but as I’ve seen even in my friends, $15k a year with no work is vastly superior to $30k a year with work.It’s sucks, but unemployment benefits should be aimed at retraining and limited time. The pandemic created an atypical situation, and I support the boosted unemployment, but jobs are everywhere now. There are TONS of vacancies...I believe people don’t have to necessarily work 40 hours a week anymore, but government provided, catastrophic healthcare and promote people to work 20-30 hours a week as a minimum to qualify for welfare/unemployment benefits.
😂
You aren't wrong, but your lack of understanding other sides of the issue is showing.&gt Imagine being such an entitled asshole that you're unwilling to pay an extra few bucks an hour During an era where our just-in-time supply chain is making things difficult, and prices are spiking, and your entitled asshole customers are going to jump ship if you change prices or services,and your business is threatened by covid,and the administration is likely going to require additional expenditures or regulations, and you are spending massive amounts of time figuring out how to keep the business sustainable, Yeah, maybe the strategy of "avoid raising an employee wage rate that there is no way in hell I can reduce" might not be an irrational strategy.
that’s not really how businesses think. imagine paying more for labor while your competitors keep their labor expenses low, and by result have more money to reinvest and grow the company thru research and innovation. Long term, the higher wage paying company loses because it has less capital to grow with.Business is a competition, and most companies don’t just repress employee salaries because they’re greedy MFers. They do it to stay competitive in the markets vs other companies
12x 1200 = 6
It's on top of the other already-existing unemployment benefits.
$300 per week$1,200+ per month is a good chunk of money.
When 300$ a month makes or breaks you, I don’t think it’s an unemployment problem. Pay your fucking employees a livable wage
Can't have the folks at the bottom end of the labor market getting all uppity. /s
WSJ with the genius conclusion to something we all know would happen.
shocker
It’s like saying drowning people found to need less food.
More coverage at:*  [U.S. jobless claims dropping faster in states ending federal benefit (reuters.com)](https://www.reuters.com/article/ousivMolt/idUSKCN2E02A2?edition-redirect=uk) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
A lot of non-profits are required to have monies invested as an alternative source of income. I sit on the board of directors for a non-profit and our fund is required to have $1 million and if it dips below, we’re required to fill it back through donor contributions. I know and work with a few larger non-profits that have tens of millions invested in their funds.
If you have cash and live in a geopolitically unstable country, where would you park your money?
Foreign entities own the most? wow
$141,000 not too shabby!  Also be sure to warn me before you start cashing out that % could really trigger a selloff!
Everything from your run of the mill brokerage account owned by some daytrader to an institutional investor's account at a PB
I don't want to brag but...I currently own 0.0000000035% of the market!
Whole life insurance plans. Term life insurance is different. From the insurer's POV, they need *some* equities exposure to deliver the promised growth on the whole life insurance plan.
Does this just show various asset classes real returns over the past 8 years? I'm not seeing how they're showing the relationship between return and inflation.
Yeah they’re only using 8 years of returns during a time of abnormally high equity returns combined with abnormally low inflation.  This graph is worse than useless lol
No I didn't, that debt was paid over, all the new ones were issued by "leftist" governments.
100 years ago Argentina was basically a first world nation. Amazing how fast people can completely fuck their entire society up.
Why do you have two accounts shilling the same thing
Damn is it that bad? When I was little Argentinian’s considered themselves “the European South American’s” and the there was Maradona. They were known for being arrogant, as a stereotype.Later I saw a massive wave of Argentine immigration to Mexico, working mostly as servers.What is going on? They can’t blame drug trafficking, so is it just incompetent government / corruption? Can someone give me some background/link?
Only if you want it raided by the locals who will sell the raw materials when ur not there
Buy Argentina’s empanadas
I'm not sure 6 transactions per second at a average cost of $4 (after a high of $60 a month or two ago) is really going to cut it.
&gtCurrencies that predictably trend down to 0 are better than crypto? Exactly, because they are fucking predictable.
They’re not the only ones guilty of that lately.
Good bye Argentina, i hope your people stop electing leaders that destroy the economy.
Well, I agree with everything you said except for the "free markets reforms" which never actually existed. The major problem with Argentina is the lack of stability and a broken political, tributarian and economical system. Bussines are and were in the hands of the politics and their friends. Those "free market reforms" didn't really help to make the markets more free, they were just a bunch of "hey, I did this" to show to the public and then leave them to fail because free markets wouldn't really help the oligarchy. For example, the reforms made between 1990 and 1998. From its conception, they were already an absolute disaster which only helped to win elections and put the state's businesses in the hands of a selected group of people. And yes, Argentina wasn't and isn't socialist at all. We were just totalitarian fascist.
&gt The people need it.Yes a wildly fluctuating in value currency would be great for everyone :/
Aha.  Yes, if you can’t even get into Frontier then your market is truly beyond the pale.  Sorry, Argentina, let this be a lesson to you (though it won’t be).  Back when I started in EM equities in the 90s, Argentina was in EM, then it got bumped to Frontier, then I guess back to EM, now gone altogether.  It seems odd to shoot it straight from EM to “standalone” though.  It’s not like the market’s problems weren’t common knowledge.
This is such a shit show. The stress test was assets and liabilities as of October 2020.It’s like taking a pregnancy test before you have sex, then you bone like mad for 8 months and saying you’re not pregnant cause you took a pregnancy test.
I’m guessing the implication is that it’s so bad it can’t even be considered frontier. Frontier still exists, top country holdings are Vietnam, Morocco and Iceland.
I’ve been out of the biz for a while—what happened to the MSCI Frontier Markets index?  I would expect them to get bumped down to that. Or has Frontier been merged into EM?
Great. Emerging market index funds will do better without Argentina.
Buy the Dip !!
More coverage at:*  [Argentine Stocks Cut from Emerging Market Status On FX Controls (bloomberg.com)](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-06-24/argentine-stocks-cut-from-emerging-market-status-on-fx-controls) *  [UPDATE 1-Argentina stands alone as MSCI yanks emerging market status (reuters.com)](https://www.reuters.com/article/msci-indexes-argentina-idUSL2N2O62X6) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
Their data is from 2020 and doesn’t include the current $800 billion overnight reverse repos that have taken place for two months.
"\[The Fed\] said in March that those restrictions would be lifted if banks met regulatory minimums in their stress tests... Mike Mayo, a senior analyst at Wells Fargo, had said before the results that he expected all the tested banks to clear the test." Probably was priced in before the announcement. Bank deposits have been ripping and losses haven't been as bad as expected (knock on wood) so ppl expected them to pass just fine. Doesn't look like banks moved too much AH, though KBE had a decent day today.
but not before they all raised billions.https://www.barrons.com/articles/goldman-sachs-bank-america-jpmorgan-bonds-dividends-51618602441
So I should have bought some stock in Chase yesterday?
“By showing the Fed that they were capitalized above the regulator’s requirements, the largest banks — which include the likes of JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Citigroup (C), Bank of America (BAC), and Wells Fargo (WFC) — will no longer face restrictions on share buybacks and dividends after June 30.”
They may not have lost much money on Gamestop directly, but it did show their two biggest investors that the emperor wasn't wearing clothes. The only way to get people to pay 2/20 or more is to seem like invincible geniuses. Losing money on GME was an embarrassment that proved they were mortal and that their long-short model was played out.
Arbitrage trading doesn’t hurt your average retail investor. If you’re trying to compete in arbitrage or HFT from your garage that’s always been a loser’s pastime. I totally believe they could’ve gone under from losing big on GME, but I don’t think this statement is complaining about retail. They’re talking about other sophisticated traders taking over their space. In the world where winning arbitrage and HFT trades are created by AI algorithms and beamed across Wall Street with lasers to get on the books first, this type of trading strategy is more competitive than ever.
The irony is that hedge funds are classically known for engaging in most of the arbitrage and having the biggest edge when compared to the same retail investors that this hedge fund is complaining about.  Not to mention the rampant insider trading, front running, order flow purchasing, access to high speed trading data/HFT, and other tactics that hedge funds use to get an upper hand over your poor dumb retail investor who is just trying to make a return on his paltry life savings
More arbitrage trading leads to more efficient markets. With less securities over or under valued, hedge funds lose the ability to make good on their expensive active management.
Hedge funds complaining about arbitrage? Wut
The following paragraph sheds some light: &gt "The decision to close down is related to thinking the equity long-short model is challenged," Kronawitter wrote in the letter, according to the Financial Times. "There are way too many fish in the pond with the same strategy of long-short," he said. "The traditional edge is being arbed away [eroded by other investors], there's an oversupply of capital."
&gtIirc Shitadel is related to this HFSource? I could not find anything that connects Citadel and White Square.&gt they probably put the losses on their books before shutting down.Pretty sure that's not how this works.
Could it be because people have found and accepted work?
Hence the question mark. But the line about big investors leaving just a couple of months after they had such a public humiliation seems like it may be related. But yeah…
According to the article it's unrelated and they regained most of their GME loss. Don't know how reliable that info is but at least officially, no reddit didn't do anything really.
We did it Reddit?
I wonder what other changes in the investment landscape
&gtWhite Square’s chief investment officer Florian Kronawitter said that the firm’s closure was unrelated. Kronawitter told investors in a letter that White Square’s closure was more related to two large investors pulling out their funds as part of a larger “shift in trend away from hedge fund investing to cheaper alternatives” in addition to other changes in the investment landscape.
Is it this past Monday already?
What could go wrong giving governments of the world complete control over our stored value and financial privacy?  Lol.
not diversifying can hurt returns? mind blown
On the flip side, growth investors don’t need to avoid value companies. In fact, doing so can hurt returns.
Did… did you just quote yourself from the future?
[https://data.oecd.org/emp/hours-worked.htm](https://data.oecd.org/emp/hours-worked.htm)Btw, your statement doesn't mean anything. 22% of Japanese may work 50 hours per week and the rest may only work 40 hours per week, while 11% in America work 50 hours and the rest could work 49 hours, leading to higher aggregate work hours for the Americans.AND btw, the writer of your linked post is an idiot. The first photo in your linked post says "Japanese employees meeting" in the caption, but they are clearly Koreans. It even says "Korea" in the background of the photo. Never trust a blog...
Just looked at the initiative and it gives workers the option to opt in to 4 day work week. The big problem with Japan is that their corporate culture forces them not to take existing benefits they already have. No one will be able to use the 4 day work week if it’s optional.
They bet on domestic pharmaceutical companies, hoping they would develop a working vaccine. When that didn’t pan out, Japan hadn’t bought doses from Pfizer etc like so many other countries and went to the back of the line
[deleted]
Yeah but they got well paved roads, clean cities, and healthcare out of it. I’d like that gap to close faster if that’s the end goal lol
On some level Japan is ahead of the world. Vaccination is not one of them. I wonder why
This is why I am always reticent to s**t on Japan in many ways, they are just ahead of the curve.In a recent r/finance post about Japan (https://www.reddit.com/r/finance/comments/nyq2xv/saving_japan_from_fiscal_collapse/), there was a lot of tut-tutting about Japan's supposed inhumane working conditions, how it led to low birth rate and a supposed fiscal collapse. Nobody seemed to notice the irony even if you ignore official OECD statistics that show that the Japanese actually work less hours than the Americans and the Canadians, you must have noticed that Corporate America pushes onto you the similar BS that you'd generally attribute to a Japanese conglomerate, just packaged in different colors. The difference is much narrower than you imagine.I guess that's not terribly relevant, but it is funny that we have another area of comparison where the US is rapidly closing its gap with Japan national debt. At 150% to GDP, it's looking a lot similar to the mountain of debt that the Japanese have piled on for themselves in their Keynesian craze in the 90s.
&gt~~some~~ **many** call it the lost century ~~others~~ **few** did 500% in the last 12 months creating wealth even their grandchildren will enjoy.
&gt The comfortably-off 72-year-old, now a part-time attendant at a hydrogen refueling station, says his motto is to live within his means. He looks at ballooning public debt and wonders why the government cannot do the same.&gt &gt "A hermit crab chooses a shell that is right for its size," he said.That's the most Japanese thing I could have imagined that guy saying. And *of course* he's working at a hydrogen refueling station at 72 years-old. What else is a quiet superhero going to do in order to blend in?
The Lost Century it is
Robinhood satisfying their margin requirements for that day doesn’t mean they wouldn’t have to post additionally absurd margin the next day. If buying continued or accelerated they would have had to post more margin and likely wouldn’t have been able to come up with the necessary liquidity.
It's actually insane that in such a large group of people there can be such little factual discussion going on.Very highly upvoted comments and posts indicate that basically nobody there understands even the meaning of the words they're using.
Lol makes fun of someone for not knowing and then proceeds to prove he doesn’t understand how markets work 😂 you can’t make this kinda humor up, I can’t wait to show people this comment
Ugh the apes have invaded this sub too
Idk. They handled their communication horribly from beginning to end of the whole fiasco. It's mind boggling to me. My only guess is they didn't want to admit they could have more collateral issues because at the time they were trying to line up an IPO and not having collateral issues is half their job.
Because the collateral call was a result of what the risk models were showing the trading day prior to restricting buying. There would have been subsequent collateral calls if they kept netting buy orders by such a huge margin. Both can be true. They could have negotiationed the prior collateral call before the open and still gone on to restrict buys out of fear of a collateral call.Edit: it's still Robinhood's fault for having shitty risk and being caught with their pants down I'm not defending them. I'm just saying both can be true.
&gtDo you understand that not all market orders are processed through a singular execution venue like a stock exchange?Is that not common knowledge? Especially for a sub filled with people working in finance or at the very least interested in finance enough to be subscribed to...r/finance?&gtDo you understand what the OTC market or dark pools or individual brokers actually 'do' for &amp to the market?OTC equities or OTC derivatives? Two different things, I'm going to assume OTC derivatives because these rules you posted seem to a response to the Archegos blowup. Do *you* understand how Archegos blew up? Dark pools, yes they act as off exchange market makers. Are you aware they must match or beat the price on the exchange by law? Individual brokers? I don't know where you're going with this but I would hope people knew what a broker does. What is the alternative? Everyone interacts directly with the MMs? Directly with the exchanges? Neither have the capacity nor the willingness to service millions of individual client accounts vs just a few broker-dealer accounts that aggregate net orders. &gtDo you grasp what near real time reporting data would signal overall to the markets at large in regards to margin equity?Make things more transparent and easier for risk teams to assess a position. Do you realize the technological investment that will need to be done to facilitate near real time reporting? It's probably necessary to prevent another Archegos, but I'm still not sure what exactly that has to do with gamestop. Perhaps you could explain along with what any of the rest of these have to do with it instead of just listing a bunch of unrelated things and say go to r/superstonk
There's no way I would ever trust someone who works in finance and not know about the CME Group. I don't care what you do in the field.
Before market open on that day those collateral issues were resolved. Robinhood and other brokers made the choice to restrict buying. You can check out the testimony from the DTCC in the second house committee of Gamestopped: Winners and Losers... etc. Also, this information was made available in early February (I believe, or late January). Long story short, Robinhood did say under oath (because people never lie under oath) that this was the reason they restricted buys, but ultimately Robinhood and other brokerages made the decision to restrict buys as the collateral requirements were negotiated before Market Open and resolved.
if someone knows 1+1=2, and doesn’t know 2+2=4, would you trust them to write a paper about addition, subtraction, multiplication and division?
Okay maybe I'm not tired of all the threads of people misinterpreting RRPs after all.
I am not trying to say that the current issue with fail to delivers and using one locate to sell multiple shares short across the street isn't an actual issue... because it really is and I agree that there should be some change regarding this problem. However, so many people including this author here try to paint it like Citadel dialed up Robinhood and said hey stop taking buy orders. The day before Robinhood stopped taking buy orders on high vol names, they also drew down a shitton of their credit lines. Why would robinhood... someone who has "no risk" in the buying and selling of random stocks, need to do that? Well according to Dodd-Frank, every brokerage  posts the NSCC a clearing deposit to clear their buys and sells that settle t+2 to mitigate credit risk. This clearing deposit is based on a wide variety of factors including things like gap risk, VaR of the stock, and Mark-to-Market moves. Lastly, there's even a little cheat function built into the formula called the Margin Liquidity Adjustment Charge which is basically a black box number that lets them raise margin requirements on crazy stocks like GME as they wishSo when GME went absolutely crazy and robinhood had CRAZY imbalances on the name (only buys, no sells), the NSCC literally asked Robinhood for 3 BILLION dollars. This is collateral they're asking for... you can't post client assets for this call. Robinhood doesnt have 3 bn sitting on balance sheet. Their only option was to limit down trading of the security until their margin requirements went down.I am in no way defending the big guys here but there's so much misinformation being spread on BOTH SIDES. Everyone is trying to push their own agenda when in reality it's somewhere in the middle. Fail to delivers are a problem and GME being a bajillion dollars is also a problem.
Good talk champ
Gonna be waiting a real fucking long time dude. I stopped paying attention to any DD when the author of the HOC series didn’t know what the CME Group was. Like how can you say you have quality DD when the author of the most popular series doesn’t know one of the biggest exchanges for options and futures. The same guy also didn’t know how margin calls for institutions work. Which I’ll give a pass since he probably doesn’t work in finance. And calling me a shill because I challenge your information is not a good look, just shows how weak your beliefs are
I have been to, and contributed to, that subreddit. A majority of the DD there is incorrect in many very basic aspects.
*grabs popcorn*
Pretty big maybe. But since you’re well versed, would you please explain how dark pool volumes and payment for order flow would affect the introduction of an intraday margin movements for an options clearing house? Would the margin movements be netted or be a single position basis? What kind of signal do you anticipate if it’s the former? Maybe I responded quickly because I’ve read them before?
A person can say any crazy thing. That's just an assertion. A theory proposes a mechansim for how or why something happens that can be tested and proven true or false (or at the very least supported with statistical evidence of truth.)The author of this article, Lucy Komisar, appears to be taking the tactic of making crazy assertions with some vague hand-waving. She has lined up a bunch of facts about the world, e.g. that short selling exists and that failures to deliver can happen, and then skipped the steps of proposing how they might be related to her assertion that GME was fraudulently manipulated. It's a classic conspiracy-theory technique - you just take a lot of unrelated facts and cram them together and hope the proximity will somehow make them seem relevant. But despite the name, this type of reasoning is not a theory. You can't prove or disprove it, because it is just a list of random things.
Lol wow
Wow Peng Zhao and Ken Griffin are the same person??
This author has been an investigative journalist long, long, long before reddit. She's uncovered naked short selling long before reddit.com was a registered domain.u/JeffKSkilling  seriously a hedge fund analyst? How many shares of GME have been sold short naked? :)
What does updating margin and pledging rules have to do with the article? Did you read those proposed changes?
[SR-NSCC-2021-002](https://www.sec.gov/rules/sro/nscc/2021/34-92213.pdf)[SR-DTC02021-005](https://www.dtcc.com/-/media/Files/Downloads/legal/rule-filings/2021/DTC/SR-DTC-2021-005.pdf) Come on out corporate shills in this sub. Anyone with an 'analyst' flair in this sub would do well to 'analyze' how the laws &amp loopholes are literally being changed right now in front of you because of this.
The author refers to two separate entities as the division of the same company. That’s not how legal corporate structure works.
What?
This redditor relies on ill informed analysis by random naked short holders. What an idiot
I despise crypto, but delusions got many rich. It was delusion from the moment the coin was made. You are only right if you made money.
At least when the guy loses his house at the craps table we can all agree he’s got a problem.. but you crypto folks are unreachable.
If you want some entertainment just browse the top posts from the dogecoin sub. The delusions are incredible.
Does it matter?  I'm still waiting on results of their investigation on Robinhood's wheeling &amp dealing.
do you think PE firms go around buying bank units without doing a bit of research first?
Your ass speaks eloquently
hahahaha Oh you’re serious
Executives gave back their bonus then?
It's funny how cutting costs (which has been HSBC group's strategy with their French branch since they bought CCF) end up costing them so much more.They haven't invested a dime for years, all the processes and IT systems are a complete mess. Of course nobody wanted to pay the estimated 500M€ for infrastructure upgrades!
Unless you're taking the piss, yes. Companies can use losses to reduce tax burdens even more than individuals. I'm not from the USA, but companies can carry over losses basically forever where I am, I remember creating a valuation model for a company which wouldn't have to pay taxes due to losses till 2029.
Possibly. I think it would be pretty obvious come tax time. You don’t sell a bank for 1€ unless you have more liability than you can cover. Otherwise the tax authority may decide that your behaviour is suspicious enough to warrant an audit/investigation.I’m sorta talking out of my ass at the end of the day because I don’t know what that bank was sitting on in terms of its financials.
Hammertime
Probably meant CCF not HSBC?
I dont know this could be a way to off set profits for tax breaks
Probably one of the biggest bag holders.
Name checks out
“It either goes up or down, it’s 50:50!”
See if you didn't spend your last dollar on avacado toast you could've bought a bank.
Let's not
Yes?
start
stop
i bet you 50$ that bank is worth negative 10 billion.. 1 $ was probably a fkn bargain to get rid of all that liability (bad debt)
Apparently they didn't sell the IB unit so the loss isn't that high. They still lost $2.3 billion tho.
Never heard of the Hong Kong &amp Shanghai Banking Corporation?
“See! You can live on $7.50 an hour!” US conservatives
Ah, so it happens to the big boys also?
this is the way
How much bad debt is that bank holding?
It shows there's no correlation between the S&ampP 500 and meme stocks. If there was, we would probably see a trend in the dots
2021: 10 billion $ = 1 €
Buy high, sell low
More coverage at:*  [HSBC sells off Crédit Commercial de France (thetimes.co.uk)](https://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/hsbc-sells-off-credit-commercial-de-france-6vwdqj6rk) *  [HSBC takes $3bn hit to exit French retail business (markets.businessinsider.com)](https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/hsbc-takes-$3bn-hit-to-exit-french-retail-business-10254951) *  [HSBC Sells Retail Banking Business in France (marketwatch.com)](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/hsbc-sells-retail-banking-business-in-france-271624024985) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
This means that green energy will start to become cheaper than oil. Hopefully
Following Europe’s LeadNow the federal government is considering using a law designed to combat money laundering at financial institutions to further regulate the art market. The law, the Bank Secrecy Act, requires banks to report cash transactions of more than $10,000, highlight suspicious activity and understand the identity of their customers and where their wealth comes from.Congress has already authorized Treasury officials to tailor the regulations to fit the antiquities market, which has long been burdened by worries about illicit artifacts trafficked from countries like Syria and Iraq. Now dealers of ancient treasures like Roman marble statues or Egyptian reliefs will be treated like financial institutions, and federal regulators will study whether the restrictions should be extended to the broader art market.Antiquities dealers are concerned about the cost of complying with the so-called AML (anti-money laundering) regulations. They say they already know their customers well enough to know they are not engaged in illicit activities.Randall Hixenbaugh, a New York antiquities dealer, complained that small businesses would be forced to hire compliance officers. “I can’t even afford to hire a full-time assistant in this horrible economic climate,” he said in an email.If the new strictures are extended to the much broader art market, dealers and auction houses would likely be required by law to determine who the actual owners are, even pierce the veils of shell companies.Christie’s said it “welcomes the opportunity to work with U.S. regulators on appropriate and enforceable” guidelines. Sotheby’s said it “has long-established due diligence procedures and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations.”Auction houses have already responded to the changes in Europe with more thorough vetting of their customers in the United States, too. Christie’s says sellers at its New York auctions must fully disclose their identity. For buyers, it says it verifies the identity of any agent and works to identify the sources of funds when there is any suggestion of risk.But last year, Senate investigators found gaps in the policies the art market now has in place. Auction houses and dealers were cited for having allowed two Russian oligarchs, close to President Vladimir V. Putin and under sanctions, to buy and sell art using shell companies fronted by an art adviser. The subcommittee concluded that the auction houses, in transactions between 2011 and 2019, did not determine who the real owners were despite professing to have adopted safeguards.Senator Rob Portman, an Ohio Republican and a sponsor of the report, said “the art industry cannot be trusted to self-police.”“While the auction houses claimed to have robust anti-money laundering programs, we found that the actual employees who facilitated the transactions never asked who the art intermediary was buying the painting for or where the money was coming from,” he said in a statement.Even if the tighter rules were adopted, the names of buyers and sellers would not become public. But dealers and auction houses would need to determine who they are dealing with in case of law enforcement inquiry.Are Authorities Aiming a Cannon at a Mouse?How much money laundering involves art? No one seems to have quantified it, though many experts agree the art market is a natural place for it to flourish. “Pieces are portable, there is a high level of secrecy around who owns what and the value that they’re paying, and it’s debatable in some ways,” said Nienke Palstra, a researcher at Global Witness.Still, the number of prosecutions that have been made would not, by itself, suggest the problem is ubiquitous.In a typical case, someone uses illicit profits to purchase art, parking the money there until a later sale results in “clean” money with a legitimate pedigree. A famous case concerns the financier Jho Low, who prosecutors say helped siphon billions of dollars from a Malaysian government fund employing a network of bank accounts and shell companies. He then laundered the money, prosecutors say, via a spending spree on things like art. In 2014, a Cayman Island company he owned received a $107 million loan from Sotheby’s using some of the art as collateral. (Mr. Low denied any wrongdoing and remains at large.)Sotheby’s and Christie’s said they stopped doing business with him once they knew he was under investigation. They were not accused of wrongdoing.Some experts say enforcement efforts have simply been too anemic to detect laundering, and that the size of the problem will become apparent if dealers and auction houses are required to report suspicious activities.“You don’t know what you don’t know,” said Peter D. Hardy, a former U.S. prosecutor.Advisers to collectors say they also do not believe that the opacity of art transactions has led to major cheating on the reporting of capital gains, even though dealers have no obligation to provide independent reporting of sales to the government.“Collectors are savvy business people of prominent standing in their communities,” said Michael Plummer, principal at an art management and investment firm in New York, “and advised by sophisticated tax and legal professionals — saving tax dollars by not reporting capital gains and committing outright tax fraud is just not worth the risk to their other business and social interests.”In cases where people fail to report the profits from art sales, some advisers think the banking system is able to flag possible tax evasion. But other experts said the ranks of I.R.S. and other regulators were too thin to follow up on the millions of banking alerts that come in each year.“They get so many reports, they could not possibly follow up on all of them,” said Julie A. Hill, a University of Alabama School of Law professor.Her Money Smelled Like PotFour months after his arrest, Ronald Belciano returned to I. Brewster &amp Co., the Philadelphia gallery where, investigators said, he had bought the art he used to launder money.But he was not there to shop for himself. Instead, he introduced the gallery owner, Nathan Isen, to Lisa, who he identified as a drug dealer with lots of cash to spend on art, according to court records.Lisa said she had concerns.“Like, I’m willing to invest in stuff like this, but this I don’t know,” she said, according to a transcript of their conversation. “I don’t know how to sell this. Cars, other things I can get rid of easy. Like this I’m nervous about.”Mr. Isen provided his perspective on art market transactions.“It’s different than selling a car,” he said, “’cause car has to have the registration, the title, and this and that and everything. … These are nothing. … These could have been, these could have been your grandmother’s. You follow me?”“So I can say, ‘hey, this is stuff that I inherited not that I bought,’” Lisa asked.“Right. ‘I found it at a thrift store, they were $10 a piece,’” Mr. Isen replied.Mr. Isen had not been accused of wrongdoing in Belciano’s case and has denied knowing Mr. Belciano was using the art to launder money, but as a result of his conversations with Lisa, who was an undercover agent wearing a wire, he would later be charged with money laundering and plead guilty in 2015. He was sentenced to 320 hours of community service and received a $15,000 fine.A week after their first conversation, Lisa returned to Mr. Isen’s gallery to buy 12 Salvador Dalí lithographs for $20,000. She had the cash in a brown paper bag. It smelled of drugs, she told the gallerist, because she kept it with her marijuana stash.He told her she was not getting an invoice for her purchases, according to the court papers.“No invoices? Cool,” she replied. “No receipt, no invoice, I’m good with that. That’s the way I like to do business.”“We never saw you before,” Mr. Isen said.
As Money Launderers Buy Dalís, U.S. Looks at Lifting the Veil on Art SalesSecrecy has long been part of the art market’s mystique, but now lawmakers say they fear it fosters abuses and should be addressed.The federal agents who raided a drug dealer’s house in a suburb of Philadelphia found marijuana and, to their surprise, $2.5 million in cash stashed in a secret compartment beneath a fish tank.But they were even more surprised to discover so much art — 14 paintings on the walls and another 33 stacked in a storage unit a few miles away from the home of the dealer, Ronald Belciano. The artists included Renoir, Picasso and Salvador Dalí.“That jumped out at us,” said Brian A. Michael, special agent in charge for Homeland Security Investigations Philadelphia. “That amount of artwork was not something you come across in every investigation.”It turned out, Mr. Belciano used the art to launder some of his drug cash, purchasing the works from an established gallery near Philadelphia’s Museum Row.In 2015, he was sentenced to more than five years in prison for dealing drugs and for laundering the illicit proceeds by taking advantage of one of the art market’s signature features — its opacity.Billions of dollars of art changes hands every year with little or no public scrutiny. Buyers typically have no idea where the work they are purchasing is coming from. Sellers are similarly in the dark about where a work is going. And none of the purchasing requires the filing of paperwork that would allow regulators to easily track art sales or profits, a distinct difference from the way the government can review the transfer of other substantial assets, like stocks or real estate.But now authorities who fear the Belciano case is no longer an oddity, but a parable of how useful art has become as a tool for money launderers, are considering boosting oversight of the market and making it more transparent.In January, Congress extended federal anti-money laundering regulations, designed to govern the banking industry, to antiquities dealers. The legislation required the Department of the Treasury to join with other agencies to study whether the stricter regulations should be imposed on the wider art market as well. The U.S. effort follows laws recently adopted in Europe, where dealers and auction houses must now determine the identity of their clients and check the source of their wealth.“Secrecy, anonymity and a lack of regulation create an environment ripe for laundering money and evading sanctions,” the U.S. Senate’s Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations said in a report last July in support of increased scrutiny.To art world veterans, who associate anonymity with discretion, tradition and class, not duplicity, this siege on secrecy is an overreaction that will damage the market. They worry about alienating customers with probing questions when they say there is scant evidence of abuse.“We are in the paranoid-terrified phase of what’s going to come down the pike,” Andrew Schoelkopf, then the president of the Art Dealers Association of America, said at an industry panel this year. “It’s going to be a whole lot of paperwork and a whole lot of compliance and I don’t think we will extinguish much of a problem.”Their concerns are great enough that lobbyists for the dealers’ association and major auction houses have been trying in Washington to shape the evolving policy on this and other regulatory measures. Since 2019, the lobbying bill for Christie’s, Sotheby’s and the dealers’ association has approached $1 million.Still, there is no question the art market has exploded in value and scope from the sleepy days when its customs were created. Paintings routinely sell for $10 million, $20 million, often as much as the penthouses in which they hang. Though the profits from art sales are subject to the robust capital gains tax on luxury goods of 28 percent, the I.R.S.’s ability to track who is accurately reporting windfalls is something of a struggle. Even figuring out who sold what is a hurdle. Half the purchases are in private, not at public auction, so many prices never become public.Recent studies have projected substantial tax evasion by the richest Americans, which led to President Biden’s plan to boost audits. While there is no evidence of widespread cheating involving art, experts say it’s clear the secrecy of the market creates vulnerabilities for an enforcement system that rarely conducts audits and relies heavily on the willingness of collectors to make plain their profits.“The only ones who know,” said Khrista McCarden, a professor at Tulane Law School who specializes in the tax code, “are you, the art gallery and God.”A Long History of Whispered NamesThe secrets of the art world sometimes tumble out at places like the Eden Rock hotel on St. Barts, where in a lunch in 2014 overlooking the turquoise waters of St. Jean Bay, the Russian billionaire Dmitry E. Rybolovlev, a collector, was introduced to Sandy Heller, a New York art adviser. Naturally, the conversation turned to art, and money.Mr. Rybolovlev had paid $118 million for a Modigliani nude from an unknown seller. Mr. Heller confirmed that the seller had been his client, the hedge fund manager Steven A. Cohen. But something was off. Mr. Cohen had charged only $93.5 million, Heller said.Mr. Rybolovlev had used an art adviser, Yves Bouvier, to make that and many other purchases, totaling nearly $2 billion. It turned out Mr. Bouvier was buying the works at one price and flipping them at huge markups to his client.Mr. Bouvier has said it was always clear he was operating as an independent seller who could buy the art and resell on his own terms. But in the legal battle that has ensued, Mr. Rybolovlev has castigated not only his former adviser, but the art world itself.“If the market were more transparent, these things wouldn’t happen,” he said.What is the origin of such secrecy? Experts say it likely dates to the earliest days of the art market in the 15th and 16th centuries when the Guilds of St. Luke, professional trade organizations, began to regulate the production and sale of art in Europe. Until then, art was not so much sold as commissioned by aristocratic or clerical patrons. But as a merchant class expanded, so did an art market, operating from workshops and public stalls in cities like Antwerp. To thwart competitors, it made sense to conceal the identity of one’s clients so they could not be stolen, or to keep secret what they charged one customer so they could charge another client a different price, incentives to guard information that persist today.The market is less secretive than it once was. Auction houses, for example, today publish estimates of prices they expect artworks to achieve. But so much about it remains opaque, which lends an air of mystery and romance to a world where values and profits can rely on something as capricious as a fleeting consensus on genius.Auction catalogs say works are from “a private collection,” often nothing more. Paintings are at times brought to market by representatives of owners whose identities are unknown, even to the galleries arranging the sale, experts and officials say. Purchasers use surrogates, too. When Mr. Rybolovlev sold Leonardo da Vinci’s “Salvator Mundi” to Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman of Saudi Arabia, for example, it was bought by a friend of the prince, which obscured who was shopping.In these circumstances, the galleries rely on the integrity of the agents, with whom they have long done business. Sometimes the buyers and sellers are not individuals at all, but shell companies, opaque investment structures often designed to conceal identity.“Very rarely is anybody buying a $5 million painting as a person because they don’t buy anything else that way,” said Cristin Tierney, a New York gallerist.And once works are purchased, many of them, including some of the world’s most expressive and expensive, end up hidden away in cavernous, nondescript, tax-sheltered free ports, their whereabouts largely unknown.“The variety of frauds in the art world is almost infinite and that is facilitated by the fact that the art world operates with a secrecy that no other investor would dream of operating in,” said Herbert Lazerow, a professor at the University of San Diego School of Law.(Continued in Reply)
Lol maybe do NFTs and thousands of random coins
It's behind a paywall. What it's about?
Would you be willing to take some crypto for some asset backed nft?
NFTS are next
This is a horribly written article that could have put across a good point if it weren’t so plainly one sided. Comparing/describing these managers/founders as such is highly unprofessional and unnecessary even though the author has valid points, shit like this makes the whole article unprofessional and thus invalid.Coupled with the recommended reading list on the anti-work/ algorithmic communism piece (which is absolutely unrelated) It shows the authors plain bias this couldn’t be more obvious unless you are one of the people this shit appeals to and clearly is written for.This aint Hollywood. Its huge companies that hire large amounts of employees supporting real families.Lets leave the opinion pieces to opinion subs, and keep r/finance purely to hard facts and real maths. P.S. this “young” lawyer will be eaten alive by these big companies soon enough, as sad as it is. Either through bribes/blackmail, you name it.
Being banned from most social media, 90+% coordinated bad news coverage, censorship of positive news, promotion of unproven allegations as facts.
[Betteridge's law of headlines](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Betteridge%27s_law_of_headlines)
She will be given the Trump Treatment if she actually threatens the powers that be with change to benefit everyone and not only  the corrupt big tech mafia companies.
It usually goes like this, she will make a name for herself, people will know she knows the game, then nothing happens and the lobbies groups will be blamed.  A few months later she will get an offer from tim apple and move there to fight the system win inside knowledge.  Boom she will be making millions with  tim apple and nothing changes.
Lol no people who actually threaten big tech get the Trump treatment not articles in the guardian about how scrappy they are
That's the problem with corruption, they aren't going to appoint people who will actually fix the problem.
If the headline is a question, the answer is almost always no
Well she us smart and knowledgeable. We will see how much money she can make out of her bluff.
Yes it might slow growth by 1% but it is better for the economic longevity of our country to shrink the debt market and encourage responsibility.
As long as you only taking out a bit at a time it shouldn't matter too much. If you live and plan well your retirement should span a few cycles.
Borrowers are paying a higher interest rate
Theres a shit ton of reasons but ill give a couple 1. Companies have to be more responsible with their borrowing. 2. Inflation goes down. 3. Savings account rates go up for regular people
Yawn. Itll pass. Rising rates are good for the economy.
Time in the market &gt Timing the market. Just put money in and dw about it.
Guess who just started their first ever Roth IRA this week. Already down $250.
&gt As for budgeting that implies you’re paid more than you need…Tradesmen do a hell of a lot better than a subsistence lifestyle.  The jobs are somewhat cyclical (as many are) but they know that and they save money and work OT when it's available to get them through lean times.
how many of those "available" jobs are actually hiring? and how many are giving fair compensation?
Give an inch, they take a mile. Or whatever the saying isMaybe instead of complaining for extra unemployment, thank the system for providing a steady stream over the past 1.5 years?
Available jobs versus legitimately hiring is two very different concepts. When I was looking for a new job I applied to 140+ places. A good chunk were resume farming.
Spare me....if you’re good at construction, any kind of trade right now, you are not sitting idle and if you are really good you can name your price and shift companies at will. The government will not save you, only make you a slave.
Article is full of baloney...guy says he survives with temp unemployment between jobs as a construction worker....first off the construction industry is in a once-in-a-century boom right now, if you aren’t working 50+ hours a week, you’re doing something seriously wrong. Secondly, if the construction industry were in a downturn, I’d say some budgeting would be in order to survive the lulls, especially if you know they’re coming. This is more “woe is me” drivel, as if because one person is not taking advantage of the system, that means hundreds of thousands aren’t either. The numbers don’t lie.
Critical thinking 🤯
How dare you point out the only unbiased piece of information in the whole article, and then follow that up by using logic and reasoning to discredit this article.
So is there a misalignment in the skills of the 150K eligible for benefits and the 460K jobs available? Why those 150K can’t find work is the real question.
Purely conjecture, but I wonder how much of that time spent on cable is the television running as background noise. Many people I know, including myself to some degree leave at least one TV on to hear \*something\*. Seeing as how cable is generally an uninterrupted broadcast, it's not unreasonable to assume that a significant amount of time there's nobody in front of a TV whereas streaming services take (slightly) more effort to start a program.
We all know what other streaming means, you dirty little dog ha
This is about high yield bonds ie for sun investment grade companies, not govt debt. You’ve got completely the wrong end of the stick here, it’s about corporate defaults.
The article is about private debt (junk bonds), not T-bills.
The US would have to choose to not pay back the debt because it always has the option of printing money, effectively taxing everyone holding USD. That is more probable than defaulting
I still think they used 1.21 gigawatts of power to write it….
The date is when the economist (paper) gets mailed not when they publish. It’s more of a reference tool.
Holy crap, how did they write this article two days in the future?!?!
Raoul hasn’t been relevant since 2016
I like real vision but their messaging and content is way too influenced by their desire to sell their cryptocurrency platform(s) and drive up Raoul's holdings. 9/10 episodes is "the sky is falling" buy ETH and ADA!!1! It's too tiresome.
Cassandra was a goddess in Greek mythology that had the power to always perfectly predict the future, but was cursed so no one would ever believe her.He's warning us about the everything bubble that's about to pop.
I mean he just saying that basically every asset class is highly overvalued compared to the historical average. That's I think not such a controversial view.
I love Michael Burry, but the reality is that he is not an ordinary person. For starters he has Asperger. I am close to someone that has this, and they are just different.. but that is the reason why I follow him. Bc he sees and does things quiet differently than everyone else
boycottfacebook when scion has 8 figures of fb calls?
It’s just how he be.But maybe selling GameStonk at $16 got him extra tilted.
I wouldn’t call it an episode since he’s been going like this for a year or so.
That's his Twitter background photo lol
That’s different.Also, I like your *FBI Surveillance Van* Wifi SSID.
Have fund managers ever been wrong before?
Note here, banks balance sheet is a business predicated on funding short/lending long with 2's/10's spread being an indicator of health. The 2/10 spread was 80bps in January and not even 6 months later it's now at 140bps. This comment from Dimon is more a commentary on expectation of increasing steepness in the yield curve than it is a commentary the Fed raising rates or inflation manifestation. A steepening yield curve is not mutually exclusive to increasing inflation expectations as it could very well be driven by expansionary fiscal policy even if that policy does not create an uplift in inflationary pressures.
An aging demographic and less people having kids means that more people will be drawing from savings than investing. It also means less purchasing/building. This isn’t new. Germany and Japan are good recent examples.
His lips were moving though.
If we are repeating the 20th century, we are in for a real treat.
While I agree about transitory impacts on consumer prices, the chip shortage is not going to be resolved by 2021. The consensus by chipmakers is relief in shortage will probably occur by end of 2022 or early 2023. Supply (fabs) are incredibly inelastic to short term shifts (e.g. TSM is throwing $20 bln into two new fabs in the US that won’t be producing until 2023) and demand on chips is likely to to remain unwavering.Also wtf does DJT have anything to do with this?… are you sure you know what year it is?
Americans generally live hand to mouth so the idea of a significant piece of the population hoarding cash doesn't hold waterAnd the few people capable of hoarding cash (saving and investing?) already are
The inflation isn't bad, it's the deflation afterwards that kicks people where it hurts. All these yolos into stocks and inflation suddenly whips into deflation as spenders stop spending hoping the price goes lower. Those without are still without and utilization plummets. Can't tax your way out of it if everyone is hording cash and every $10 printed $9 goes into a pocket and $1 is spent. Banks already hording cash is an ugly sign. I just hope they lower rates one more time so I can refinance one last time! I feel like they are simply pretending the problem doesn't exist long enough for the problem to go away, a bandaid on a broken leg.
The fund managers are right. This will be a temp inflation - i think, the scary part will be the mild deflation that will come after this. That could become a trigger for something far, far worse.
Here's how I see it. There are arguments for transitory or permanent. The arguments for transitory are pretty long but individually they aren't strong enough to hold their end on their own. The only reason why I question it, is because there are so many. I would say the list would be&amp#x200Bhere are the arguments that I've seen* series of supply chain failures: fire in semiconductor plant, failed to see demand increase for post-covid (post-vaccination really), and Suez canal* factory gate prices is really the bullwhip affect in the supply chain* the measurements for inflation don't fully represent what americans are buying, and the increases from them come from expenditures that have experienced more volatility like wood, its more like one outsized increase pushes all of it upAt the end of the day it comes down to the fed. On one hand raising or lowering rates doesn't directly affect supply chain manufacturing, it can only change the economic landscape to make it more or less conducive. But the fed is self-fulfilling, if they say its one way then the market conforms to that.
Man, I get the feeling that these people are really short sided.  You have an environment where prices are going up and labor is scarce - prime inflation feedback loops.Keep spewing that Fed transitory mantra.
More coverage at:*  [Fund managers agree with the Fed as most say inflation will be transitory, Bank of America survey finds (msn.com)](https://www.msn.com/en-us/finance/markets/fund-managers-agree-with-the-fed-as-most-say-inflation-will-be-transitory-bank-of-america-survey-finds/ar-AAL3EA0) *  [Most professional investors agree with the Fed on inflation, Bank of America survey shows (cnbc.com)](https://www.cnbc.com/2021/06/15/inflation-most-pro-investors-agree-with-fed-on-temporary-inflation-bofa-says.html) *  [Survey: Hedge Fund Managers Aren't Worried About Inflation (markets.businessinsider.com)](https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/etf/survey-hedge-fund-managers-aren-t-worried-about-inflation-1030525344) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
That thumbnail
Right.  Those are called open terminals.  They don’t have the same functionality as a Professional Terminal with an Anywhere license.  Very close, but you can’t trade on them. Just research.
BBG doesn’t get any more news than anyone its advantages are speed of dissemination and the sheer quantity of sources it can get them from. Honestly, a well-curated Twitter feed could probably do a decent enough job of replicating this. The biggest reason BBG has tight security is the execution ability. If traders shared their passwords like they do for Netflix, their friends could buy hundreds of millions in Treasuries or something and really fuck them up.
That's the biggest first word problem I've heard in a while...
Yeah at $2k/month they’re pretty touchy about logins. Hence the finger print scanning 2FA system.
there are bloomberg terminals you can share within your organization, friend of mine shares him between his team
Bloomberg Terminal *secret* Dashboard: 0101011100010101010001110 PAMP IT 000101101011110101001011110 DUMP IT
i wish people could share bloomberg terminal logins like they do netflix passwords :\~( i just want the secret forbidden news!!!
Fingerprint reading fob or "key" that gives you a code to log you into your BB terminal.
Guess would be 2FA (code or fingerprint)
What the fuck is this device
Well, to be fair, I can barely afford my rent as it is, so if I gave my paycheck away I'd be part of the homeless population in my city.
So I googled this exact quote (not knowing where it came from) and multiple sources including Snopes and the Monticello site which is an archive label this as a spurious (likely false/fake) quote attributed to Thomas Jefferson.I promise I am asking sincerely but do you have something which shows this quote to be legitimately from the founding fathers?
"If the American people ever allow private banks to control the issue of their currency, first by inflation, then by deflation, the banks and corporations that will grow up around them will deprive the people of all property until their children wake up homeless on the continent their Fathers conquered"
There is no way in hell there is 1, definitely not 2, rate hikes this year. That would cause an absolute crash of the asset markets, which FEDs will not let happen. They don’t fear inflation, they fear deflation. Stop watching the cable TV or reading headline articles. E: btw, TrAnSiToRy
OP, what the math teacher teaches you in class, You, what the math teacher asks in the exam, shudders
Yes, stockpiling cash is bearish.
Some common ways to hold "cash" as an individual investor beyond ordinary bank accounts are * money market mutual funds* certificates of deposit* high-yield savings accounts, if FDIC insuredInstitutions create their own money markets by buying high-quality, short -term treasury, state, and municipal bonds and commercial paper.
Okay but that would be highly unstable.  It would be impractical to try and sit on that. A pyramid would be a much better shape. How tall could you go if each layer was 1 more bill wider than the layer above it, with the top most layer being a 3x3 arrangement?
When interest rates go up, the price of equities typically goes down as investors can put money in safer alternatives like CDs and expect similar interest return. Really the article should say, “JP Morgan has $500 billion ready to buy the dip”
You married your cousin?
First inflation. Can they get everybody bought into these assets over price. And then deflation. Oldest game in the world. Founding fathers saw this shit from 10 miles away
It is pretty mind-numbing when you put these numbers into visualization. It really brings the absurdity to light. Just think about what these so-called institutional investors can deal with 1 billion dollars in the housing market
The crazy thing is that even just .01% of $500b is $50 million. Nothing to scoff at
Let's assume an average person could sit on a seat of 9 dollar bills arranged in a 3x3 grouping. Comprised of $100 bills, a stack of $500bn arranged in such a fashion would be approximately 231,481 feet tall.A $10,000 bundle of one hundred $100 bills is about half an inch in height. There are 50 million such stacks in $500bn. Divided by nine, there are 5,555,555 half inch "layers", giving you 2,777,778 inches, or 231,481 feet.
As an individual investor, you can keep cash in a high yield savings account. Could maybe look at money market funds or CDs depending on 1) how long you plan to hold the cash and 2) how much effort you wanna put into getting a few extra bps of yield.
Not gonna happen until 2023. First bond buy backs get cut down in 2022. Don’t fight the Fed.
Do you have some examples, asking for a friend who is holding some cash :)
Yeah my favorite onions at Costco went from $3.49 to $5.99 to now a whopping $8.49 😩
That's exactly what they're doing. When an investor says "holding cash" they actually mean short-term, low-risk debt instruments.
The irony of finance people sitting on cash Also waiting to scoop up those houses
Scrooge McDuck style
I like to picture and actually man sitting on 500billon, just like 60 ft in the air.
Yes. The fed is doing a reverse repo program. Which means counterparties are storing cash at the fed
Reverse repo…
Those are deposits. I doubt you want everyday people’s checking and checking and savings accounts taxed.
It pays to have friends in high places .. this is telegraphing the move.  expect at least 1 , maybe 2, FED rate hikes before year end ..
All this cash on the sidelines and the Repo madness makes me wonder if the rug pull is incoming. What scheme could they possibly use to fuck us over?
If everyone is expecting higher rates next year, why would they not use cash on hand to buy short term bonds or short term treasuries now?
Literally what is happening now in countries who are ahead of the vaccine race. When will we learn pandemics need to be dealt with via a GLOBAL approach
Lock downs? Lack of tourism. Lack of foreign direct investment, etc.
In no finance class that I have ever taken nor any lecture, convention, or presentation that includes the most respected minds in the industry and academia has ever brought up the laziness of a population ever being a significant factor in anything.If people point out a widening wealth gap, nobody that should consider themselves knowledgeable in the fields of finance or economics should point out that it's just "poor earners crying"
The thing is that if the rest of the world is not vaccinated soon, the virus will continue to mutate and eventually a vaccine resistant variant will emerge. If that happens, we are ALL back at square one. All of us.
Correct. Victimhood is a hell of a drug. Join the team the against this mental narcotic of victimhood being peddled around the West.  It is a cancer.The world is getting better but haters are hell bent on the self loathing.https://youtu.be/fB9KVYAdYwg
Countries without access (due to financial or political turmoil) will fall even further behind and become alienated.  The divide is furthered by the fact that those "with something to offer" in terms of resources will likely be the first to receive support. The desperation that will follow should be a concern to all.
Honestly this kind of stuff is infuriating.  We should not have to feel guilty for being successful but instead the world should be looking at our system and saying, “how can we create more wealth and more success”.  We should be proud of the work that every American has done to make our country great and i hope that we move always from constant guilt and stoking of resentment and towards an optimistic world where free enterprise and personal responsibility are encouraged and rewarded
So this may be a naive question but I've always thought that these hedge fund dudes don't care about anything on Reddit, suffered no consequences, and that this "take down the hedge funds" wsb / GameStop thing made for a good story but essentially changed nothing and ruined no multimillionaire's day. Like if Citadel goes under aren't those dudes going to be like "oh well, fun while it lasted, time to retire to Martha's vineyards I guess, peace, thanks for all the dough" and that is just one hedge fund of which there are many. I don't see any sea change coming from any of this, probably a not popular opinion on Reddit but it seems like a lot of hot air to me.Also, my dad and bro are financial consultants, long term textbook investment type dudes, and they don't seem to be concerned about any of this AMC, GameStop, whatever, stuff. Sure, some hedge funds went down, a few common men made a couple bucks, sounds like the stonk market doing it's normal thing.
You can’t front run a single 100 lot (or smaller) order. There’s no more size behind the order to front run
So long as they remain inside the spread they are not front running. That is how the markets are designed to work. If you are so concerned about PFOF go run a best execution analysis and read the best execution disclosures to pick a broker. The reality is spreads have gotten narrower by a substantial amount, brokers have robust transparency requirements (you can request PFOF data for all your transactions), and there is a balance between the benefits of PFOF and commission-based brokering which from all my research shows that for the most part PFOF is generally more favorableI am sure that sloppy brokers will sell flow to shitty market makers, so make sure just monitor it and if it starts to ding you switch brokers
Jumping in just to say - you are wrong and the other guy is right. Payment for order flow isnt bad or illegal.  retail order flow is valuable to market makers because it is dumb money. That isn’t a derogatory term really it’s just factual. Institutional money is larger and smarter so you can lose a boatload creating a market for them and get run over by them, retail investors can’t and won’t do that (well pre- WSB) so the market makers prefer retail order flow because of that. They don’t need to front run or do anything illegal, they make a market and collect the rake to do so. Without them option orders wouldn’t get filled, the bid ask spread would increase and commissions would go back to retail trading again .
I’ve always thought as virtu getting more heat cause they are publicly traded.
I have watched a lot of interviews with Doug Cifu. Regardless of what side of the meme-stock landscape you sit, Doug is a snakey motherfucker. His background is in law and he’s very good at attorney-ing
Virtu was never in the crossfire , now this guy talks unsolicited and so by Wednesday WSB will have Virtu up there with Citadel LLC as their enemies.Enjoy the congressional hearings I guess.When will people on Wall St. learn to STFU?First it was Blankfein "doing God's work", then "as long as the music plays you gotta keep dancing".Vast majority of the population isn't even equipped to do basic 2nd grade algebra, much less understand the dynamics of market making.Is it seriously that hard to STFU? Or at least stick to macro like Ray Dalio and Druckenmiller do?
Your contemptuous response is exactly what I am getting at. You blindly accept that PFOF is for the purpose of illegal front running and question how there could be any other reason. Receiving order flow is like getting the rake at a casino in a sense. They are scooping up the bid-ask spread off every transaction. It is also valuable technical data. Im not here to defend the practice, but forming an opinion on misinformation and unfounded claims is probably not the way to go.
I find it kind of annoying that so many of the critics of payment for order flow seem to conflate it with front running. I feel like if you are going to make an argument against PFOF you should at least know what it is you are arguing about first.
READ THE ARTICLE.  JESUS. "The new starters will be encouraged to come into the office unless Covid rules get much stricter and both are footing hotel bills for those flying in from red list countries and forced to quarantine."  Guess what - they foot the bill for hotel and flights for every intern that has to travel for training.  Also, they are going to pay them to work... so if they are in the office or in the hotel they get paid.  Stupid clickbait headlines.  Do some real journalism ffs.
Sounds like a fucking blast
A year ago their office was closed and their interns were working from home. Now they want their interns in person and the interns need to quarantine for 14 days to enter the UK, all this is saying is that the interns will be paid for these 14 days before they can go into the office
Those hotels are going to be a dent of drug, alcohol and sex among the interns. Sometime all at once.
[deleted]
This is for the new hires that are coming in from all over the globe to London who wouldn’t be allowed to come without a quarantine. They don’t want them to have remote internships.
Foreal. And why tf are they doing it now? Would've been a lot more helpful a year ago
Strict quarantine is one way to make sure they work round the clock…
I think its a bit more complicated.It is a district of London with 10k inhabitants, has its own form of government and a very long history dating back to the romans.But probably most importantly for this thread: up to a million people find work there. And many companies have their headquarters there
Right, this “crisis” of age distribution has such a simple answer. If you had a shortage of anything else, you would import more. But when it comes to people? People of a different ethnicity? Apparently that’s worth self-destructing society over.
Teach abstinence only sex education. Seems to be a pretty effective way of getting people pregnant.
Why should the EU capitulate to the UK just because they are the most economically advanced member at that time. If the UK didn’t like it they could leave, which was a cluster fuck for them and probably has many lingering issues.
My dads cousin has lived there for 30 years and still faces prejudice for being a non national. He’s Dutch so he stands out quite a bit.
The banks wanted an exception smh do they know they’re part of the problem
*All of the benefits, none of the commitments* - UK motto
Yeah I’ve heard quite a few stories for various people. One coworker said he went to a bar and they wouldn’t serve him because he was foreign. Just lots of casual racism and bigotry.
&gt Offering universal child care and mandatory leave for parents are not marginal benefits.I think the argument that was being made was that government policies that incentivise having children only make a small difference in the birth rate.Edit: As an example Finland has a lower birth rate than Japan.
If you could you would, kiddo. - current CEO
Let’s all have the same tax everybody.....except for my cities though - Boris probably
I have 3 kids in Japan. They have free healthcare until they start elementary school. We also get ¥15000 a month, paid quarterly, per kid. Hoikoen, or daycare, is based on your combined salary. For us, the cost of daycare is still about ¥25000 less each month than the cost of daycare. The benefits do vary by prefecture, and our prefecture has some of the best benefits in the country.
"The nail that stands out, gets pounded down."
Dating a foreigner as a college kid is cool (to their peers), but otherwise is strictly forbidden (by their parents).
What a joke a joint tax plan would be if some cities can have special privileges. Defeats the whole purpose
It's not digitalised because it keeps jobs.
&gtMiddle manager here, as you move upward the work week gets longer, not shorter.
He didn’t say they were the same.
And yet Japan is the one collapsing first… their work environment is absolutely awful and it’s virtually impossible to have kids. Offering universal child care and mandatory leave for parents are not marginal benefits.
Hence their inevitable collapse.
Japan seems very closed to outsiders/immigration as well. I get the impression that they love tourists but a non national will not be able to advance in jobs or be accepted easily in culture.
And spend too much time at work doing little value added tasks so that middle managers and corporate can have their 40h work week
I mean, basically anything involving the work culture is just pure toxic, it's a common trait in several asian countries that they just work their people to the point of suicide and then pull a surprised look when people haven't got time to have a family.
The problem is not somehow unique to Japan, every developed country has a low birth rate. And government policies that incentivize having children only have marginal benefits.
This article is quite interesting but Jesus Christ there’s a lot of conjecture and “if” statements here. The last paragraph suggests it’s possible Japan drops out of the developed world due to the problems discussed… That one is going to need some hard supporting evidence from me man lol. I don’t know much about this source, is it at all credible on reporting about state monetary and fiscal policy? I’d have to guess “no” honestly because it’s ridiculous to suggest an aging problem is doomsday in the same article that several very logical solutions are presented lolVery interesting indeed though, I’m going to have read more about this
One problem with Japan's government is that most administrative processes are not digitalised and therefore not efficient.If Japan would digitise its government GDP per person could be boosted by 1% permanently and significantly reduce the deficit.Interesting article (paywall): https://www.economist.com/leaders/2021/01/02/few-reforms-would-benefit-japan-as-much-as-digitising-government
To quote Simon Kuznets: There are four kinds of countries in the world: developed countries, undeveloped countries, Japan, and Argentina
This article misses the point. Japan can reinvent the wheel (it did post WWII) &amp reinvigorate its economy, but is held hostage by cultural restrictions.I've witnessed first hand for multiple years how hard students study in school &amp how hard teachers work. But for what? To get good grades into university? To then get into a job with the same requirements that haven't changed in 30 years?The education system is one of the first steps in which people grow a restrictive mindset, there is *so much* creativity locked up that never sees the light of day. This is carried into the workforce, rinse and repeat.
it's not abnormal anymore. abenomics has permeated every single central bank with 0 interest rates.
Impossible, Japan (like Argentina) will always have their economies collapse, then get better and seem like theyre doing amazing, then collapse again. This is not a theory of mine, this is just me making fun of reality. I think the Japanese economy is broken from some kind of fundamental standpoint, there is an unlimited supply of jokes about it that economists make because of how abnormal it is.
Why is this being posted to this sub?
Let me be the first to say, who gives a shit.
I’ll help you out: housing, healthcare and childcare.
Yes, we ship books from Taiwan to the US, and it's hell not knowing when our orders will be processed, it could take three weeks or it could take six.
There are shortages of almost goods produced in Asia. That’s going to drive up prices. People acting like this is anything but a supply problem are looking for a political angle.
If you can buy another acre and a double wide for under 100k you have a business idea.
Anecdotes aren't economics
It's all about avoiding COLA with Social Security.
The huge recovery following a huge collapse has to to look like massive inflation or else the recovery is too small to matter.So sure, we seem to have inflation. Odds are it’ll be a short lived phenomenon.
Housing is so over valued, it’s nuts. I have a town house in the burbs. It’s not worth 250k but it is.
A stock price absolutely is the valuation of a single share of stock. You’re describing market cap which is a single point of valuation for the combined supply of shares in a company.
&gtThings like reducing the weighed outcome of education which has gone up 300%You realize that only a small part of people go to university/college in a given year right? Inflation is average price level for ***everyone***.Seems like you have a fundamental misunderstanding about inflation.
Feels more like a biased college paper. Not so much a actual reputable news source. Although im still eating crayons and glue so...
Transitory inflation weighted by specific commodities in the index due to supply constraints vs supply and demand. My point is that the next CPI and inflation reports are going to be drastically lower both M/M and Y/Y since their baseline will be higher from 2020.
CPI does not exclude either.
The average consumer doesn't buy much lumber though, or more than one house.
You do realize that April and May of 2020 had some of the largest immediate declines of CPI in history due to the pandemic and then sharply corrected in June. Since it’s a year over year metric the number is going to be abnormally high and will be more accurate in the next few Reports
Lol shadow stats
Best hedge against inflation is to leverage credit (debt) for real assets like land. As time goes on the debt becomes less and less expensive and the real asset should appreciate since there is always a demand for it.
you are now a moderator of r/wallstreetbets
It all balances out.  If the rates are 18% the price of housing drops a lot.
I guess, but when things like welfare rise with CPI, it does present some issue in that people are squeezed more and more as it misrepresents the cost of living.
Volatile does not mean higher than average.[Go to CPI Biases section here](http://www.quickmba.com/econ/macro/cpi/)
The US just uses it to justify decisions. Important things are usually left out. Unless, like now, decision-makers worry about rising wages and then people start talking about homes, gas and food.
But not the 18% mortgage
One metric to value a stock is the stock price.
&gt If so, why wouldn't there be another index that all the "smart people" started following instead?Because the Rothschild's hire secret Illuminati black ops to come and silence anyone who dares cross them, duh.
I wouldn't say it's silly but to draw firm conclusions on inflation using just one metric is a bit...reckless to say the least. Fwiw central banks generally don't just use one number but they aren't always very good about communicating that
Exactly. Calculating inflation isn’t easy, but it’s not THAT hard. If the government wasnt doing it in a way that made sense, there would be a Bloomberg/S&ampP index for it
Serious question — is it silly to measure inflation with just one number? Isn’t that like trying to use just one metric to value a stock?Inflation, if I understand correctly, depends on the price of common goods — food, cars, etc. Isn’t it a nightmare modeling the value of USD by looking at car prices, when car prices also depend on demand, precious metals, supply chains, international competition, etc.?Realizing now I know very little about inflation. If anyone has resources I would love to read more.
I’ll take the 16% rate on CD’s ‼️
Seriously... *seriously*. Posts and comments like this just let me know the people I'm communicating with do not value nuance.Does anyone really think the people trying to gauge inflation are total idiots or evil conspiracy pawns?!? If so, why wouldn't there be another index that all the "smart people" started following instead?We can piddle around with little arguments about whether education or fuel should have slightly more influence, or whether they're netted better with proxies in the basket, but I'm getting really tired of these articles everywhere. It's not clever, we need to better communicate how, but more importantly *why* CPI is calculated the way it is.
I don't think changing the contents of the basket of goods isn't the issue. The way the rate is fundamentally calculated has changed. Here's a nice video explaining it.[https://youtu.be/SIh7SKj05po](https://youtu.be/SIh7SKj05po)Here is some stuff from investopedia: [https://www.investopedia.com/articles/07/consumerpriceindex.asp](https://www.investopedia.com/articles/07/consumerpriceindex.asp)"The ControversyOriginally, the CPI was determined by comparing the price of a fixed basket of goods and services spanning two different periods. In this case, the CPI was a cost of goods index (COGI). However, over time, the U.S. Congress embraced the view that the CPI should reflect changes in the cost to maintain a constant standard of living.1Consequently, the CPI has evolved into a cost of living index (COLI).Over the years, the methodology used to calculate the CPI has undergone numerous revisions. According to the BLS, the changes removed biases that caused the CPI to overstate the inflation rate. The new methodology takes into account changes in the quality of goods and substitution. Substitution, the change in purchases by consumers in response to price changes, changes the relative weighting of the goods in the basket.﻿ The overall result tends to be a lower CPI. However, critics view the methodological changes and the switch from a COGI to a COLI as a purposeful manipulation that allows the U.S. government to report a lower CPI."
Why would we measure inflation the same way if people spend their money differently now
Can we get 80s era savings rates of 13%? When my grandpa died we found out he had money in a CD yielding 13% from the 80s.
This is such a dumb article, consumer habits changed a lot since then
Every example you mentioned would make inflation look significantly less, not more.Digital photos are free to develop, Gas now gets more MPG, TV's, watches and flights are all down as well.Things like reducing the weighed outcome of education which has gone up 300%, or going from the cost of a computer as a device to the cost of a Gigabyte (which weights exceedingly more in the direction of deflation) are among the things they have done to reduce the rate of calculated inflation.
I vote we roll back lots more finance to the 1980s. Volcker who? Mifid what? Transaction based interbank rates why? Blow yes.
That's a really interesting site. I'm not sure I totally buy the 13% figure, and I think that their argument is quite polemic throughout the rest of the site (calling politicians "bloodsuckers", etc, I feel detracts from it).I do think base CPI (or CPI-U) does understate real inflation as it's experienced by most households and that there's a clear political motivation for that - but - I think different adjustments to CPI can make it work a lot better than alternative measures (e.g. geometric mean indices like RPI).In the UK the headline figure is CPIH (CPI including housing costs) but isn't used as the government index (we use CPI for most things but RPI where it's convenient (RPI is usually higher than CPI so it's used for student loans and rail fare prices)). I'm not familiar with the US' inflation measures, but from what I can tell housing costs aren't considered in any price index which is shocking (but understandable).
You mean...if the inflation basket included the cost of taking your camera films to be developed...the cost of gasoline for your 7mpg Dodge Charger...the cost of an American-made television...the cost of a super-high-tech, only-just-released digital watch...the $15,000 cost of a Pan-Am flight to Hawaii...There's a reason inflation gets re-calculated. It's not an Illuminati conspiracy.
We're aware.
The article makes it sound like the changes related to measuring inflation were done for political reasons. Moving away from a cost of living based inflation so that the numbers could look more favorable. But I too would like more information around the changes made overtime.Edit: the article also has a public link that discusses the changes in further detail and it definitely looks like a political tool to hide the changes in wealth distribution over the last 30-40 years.
It's almost as if the world has changed in the past 40 years.
Don’t let the Bitcoin maxis read this
Oh no, how will they ever recover
And Corns consume the Corn Cow when we're done with it too!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpR91\_Ql\_IE
Don’t humans consume the Corn Cow?
My onion futures I keep in the basement are giggling
Yup. largest contributors to the average was Flight fares at 7%, and used cars and trucks at \~7% iirc. Everything, while higher than normal, was expected due to supply chain and labor issues.
Most of the corn grown in the US does not become corn for human consumption. Cows and gas
Are you being intentionally misleading, or do you subsist on nothing but raw, unshucked corn eaten directly out of the back of a truck?
Is your diet 100% raw corn?
As someone who directly eats corn futures out of the truck, I disagree
Commodity costs (such as steel or lumber) represent an incredibly low fraction of the total cost components going into end consumer prices. The bulk of consumer prices are comprised of processing labor and distribution
That's because the point of these funds is simply to rake in management fees without busting the fund
More like saying hypocritical stuff on social media that millennials want to hear and then using the influence to pump and dump spacs that he makes massive money on.
Why not make it percentage based instead of flat fee? Surely that would yield better results and would be mire equitable.
So basically big mergers pay more fees to increase the governments budget to investigate company mergers for anti trust violations?
Fees on the sell side are usually 0.5% to 8% drastically cheaper the larger the deal
He is a real asshole /Charlatan.
Ah yes, buzz…which hasn’t managed to crack 5% growth while certain meme stocks are up over 1000% ytd.
Political theater, this will do nothing
I think that’s the point
It’s like a roller coaster for your retirement account!
In most cases, many more people will lose money on the way down than up, because companies are taking advantage of inflated share prices to issue new stock. Something like 90% of all AMC shares in existence were issued this year.
I saw his interview at Stanford and he came across as such an asshole
I don't know why but i've really started to dislike Palihapitiya over the past year while I was always a huge fan of his. Just became very arrogant it seems. Good for him though
palihapitiya  is pompous, arrogant. He is like scavenger investor.
Aka irrelevant
&gtPeople don’t seem to care that companies are shorted for a reasonAnalysts unable to just will their PTs into existence, truly the great concern of modern finance
They already exist. Check out $BUZZ
These pockets of the market with extreme speculation have made a lot of people money on the way up, and it’s inevitable that the same will happen on the way down. People don’t seem to care that companies are shorted for a reason and that many have poor business models and/or significant red flags (including this one).
“Play the game” lmao dude I’m a trader by profession, my daily VaR is tbh prob more than your entire life savings wtf are you even talking about “play the game”
Ok. I am a bad financial thread. Makes total sense.
Cool. Go talk about it there. You aren’t even forming coherent sentences. Discuss price movements whatever but wsb comments don’t belong hereThis isn’t a debate
You are super embarrassing.
It is me, a financial person. How do you do fellow financial people?
Let me help. This is a sub for discussions about finance. Particularly ‘high finance’ as it relates to articles etc. wsb is a great place and you should take this kind of thing there. It doesn’t belong here. They have their rules etc and we have ours. That’s it. Not that complicated.
Thanks for making this easy.
Ya but this is not wsb
Take this shit to WSB
Ya but this is not wsb
College is 1,117% the cost it was 35 years ago.
This is not wsb
Housing is not lower as a percentage of income.
I guess you already own your home.
People pay less, as a percentage of income, on a lot of goods than they did in the past. So a candy bar may cost 20 times more, but $1 holds less value now than 5¢ did back when boomers were kids.Prices are rising, but they’re still low as a percentage of income, historically.I don’t really know what that means in terms of economics.
We’ve also never printed 9 trillion dollars.
“The bill - co-sponsored by Democrat Amy Klobuchar, the top antitrust senator, and Chuck Grassley, the top Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee - would lower the fee for smaller mergers under $161.5 million to $30,000 from $45,000. But for deals worth $5 billion or more, the fee would rise to $2.25 million from $280,000.”
&gtClover shares ended trading up 86% on Tuesday as it became the latest 'meme stock' to capture the imagination of amateur investors on Reddit and other social media platforms. The shares had deeply underperformed the wider market and traded below the SPAC's IPO price since February, when short-selling firm Hindenburg Research accused Clover of concealing from investors a U.S. Department of Justice enquiry into its business. SPAC managers are awarded warrants and founder shares that result in them owning a much bigger chunk of the combined company that their investment would otherwise entitle them to.
I'm reading Player Piano by Vonnegut. There is a portion of the book where this is explicitly laid out in the same way we hear now. Freaked me out for a bit.
Except for things like healthcare, housing, and higher education. Things the peasants need not care about. But look how cheap tvs are!
[deleted]
My entire life I've heard about it too, never seen it in the numbers, but everything except maybe milk keeps getting more expensive .... 🤔
Economists are obsessed with inflation that never happens
The Fed is truly playing a dangerous game.  Ultimately, though, they really have no choice - either they let the economy run hot and try to shift the mean price of goods/services to a permanent higher peg or they let the economy return to a pre mania mean.  Either option is horrible.  I just think Powell saw that reversion with Greenspans Fed after they raised rates 25 basis pts every FOMC meeting and wants no part of that.
My entire life they’ve harped about hyperinflation being right around the corner yet it has never come. If anything we’ve been closer to deflation.
I wonder if Warsh's would be writing articles arguing for additional stimulus if Trump had been re-elected?
Bless your soul for posting the article in the comments. I rarely click On wsj stuff bc of this.
Opinion Commentary The Fed’s Risky Fill-the-Punch-Bowl StrategyGrowth is surging, the housing market is hot, and inflation is on the rise. It’s time to pull back.By Kevin WarshJune 7, 2021 1:05 pm ETMy mentor, the late George Shultz, would often say “an economist’s lag is a politician’s nightmare.” Changes in economic policy take several quarters to affect the real economy. Politicians usually aren’t that patient.The Federal Reserve announced a new policy doctrine almost a year ago. In essence, the Fed said it would no longer consider lags when making monetary policy, forsaking the policy of “pre-emption” that was standard under Fed heads Paul Volcker, Alan Greenspan, Ben Bernanke and Janet Yellen. Jerome Powell’s Fed believes the party is just getting started and won’t remove the punch bowl until the fun is in full swing and the neighbors know it. Most in Washington can barely contain their enthusiasm for the new doctrine. Wall Street loves it too.Optimism about the future, however, should be matched by memories of the past. Real economic growth is surging more than it did during the Reagan years. U.S. government spending is growing at the fastest clip since World War II. The housing market is running hotter than it did in the runup to 2008. Financial-market ebullience is stronger and broader than during the dot-com boom at the turn of the century. And economic output will shortly surpass historic highs.The Fed might be right. The surge in prices and wages might be transitory. The widespread anecdotes of worker shortages and significant wage increases might not constitute a sustainable trend. Inflation expectations might be stable. Count me skeptical of the Fed’s convictions. The risks the Fed is taking with its winsome forecast are significant, and the consequences of policy error are severe.The Fed’s new doctrine is a catalyst for heightened concern. When announced at Jackson Hole in August, the goal of the Fed’s new doctrine was actually to unmoor inflation expectations, which were purportedly running too low for too long. The reanchoring of expectations—a little higher but not too much—is a far tougher task, especially amid the shifting seas of the post-pandemic economic resurgence.No other major central bank has adopted anything like the Fed’s new framework. The People’s Bank of China has already removed significant accommodation. The Bank of Canada announced meaningful steps toward normalization. The Bank of Korea signaled interest in somewhat tighter policy. I expect other Group of 20 central banks to move further from the Fed’s policy in the coming months.The resulting U.S. dollar weakness—in train since last fall—poses a host of dangers, including inflation risks. The Fed says it has the tools to stop an inflationary surge, but its new regime promises a tardy response. Late by design, the Fed would have to tighten policy more to stop an inflationary surge.Inflation is scarcely the sole or predominant policy risk. The scale of government spending and scope of government activity are unprecedented. Since the onset of the pandemic last February, the Fed has bought 56% of total Treasury issuance of $4.5 trillion. The Fed’s asset purchases represent 76% of the cumulative federal fiscal deficit. And the Biden administration is proposing a $6 trillion budget for fiscal 2022, about a third of which would be unfunded.The Fed says it’s still too early to slow its purchases of Treasurys and agency-backed housing debt. If the Fed doesn’t begin action imminently, it may be too late. Others will fund the nation’s profligacy even after economic growth slows and the debt burden grows. But what interest rate investors will demand for the privilege?Most large foreign buyers, including China, departed the Treasury auction market when the pandemic hit and haven’t meaningfully returned. Many foreign entities believe the Fed is monetizing the fiscal expansion and expect the new policy experiment to end badly. Leaders in China are poised to capitalize on an American policy error.Others investors see the growing tensions between East and West, and are hedging their bets. The dustup in the recent meeting in Anchorage between China and the U.S. was merely prologue. The Biden administration might wonder if—in the absence of Fed intervention to keep interest rates exceptionally low—it can rely on the kindness of strangers to fund its grand ambitions.I worry the Fed has committed itself to a monetary “Brezhnev doctrine.” Leonid Brezhnev, the leader of the Soviet Union during the height of the Cold War, made clear that once another country adopts communism, it can never be allowed to revert. Maintaining a veneer of infallibility was more important to Moscow than accommodating changing circumstances. Dissent was strongly discouraged. Ultimately, the Brezhnev doctrine drained the Soviets economically until the system could no longer be sustained. And it drained the system ideologically so that a dangerous void was created in the aftermath.In the darkest days of the pandemic, Mr. Powell proved himself a nimble and capable crisis manager. But the crisis for which the Fed’s emergency tools were designed has long passed. The “V” shape of the economic recovery befits its proximate cause, the vaccine.The Fed risks walking through a one-way door. Mr. Powell’s performance at the next press conference—uttering precisely the right words in practiced, measured tones—is of modest importance. Talking about tapering is a sideshow, however well-publicized. What matters most now is what the Fed does, not what it says.The Fed should change its policy regime. It should stop buying mortgage securities immediately. Soon after, it should slow its purchases of Treasury debt. It should not tolerate Fed-financed fiscal expansion. It should unlock the handcuffs imposed by its novel doctrine and render an informed and humble judgment on the state of the economy and the attendant risks to the outlook.Mr. Warsh, a former member of the Federal Reserve Board, is a distinguished visiting fellow in economics at Stanford University’s Hoover Institution.
I think that's the point.
because of the exact reason OP said, it's too volatile. Which is where the irony is, that they're still relying on fiat standards to portray "monetary value".
I’m confused. Wtf is ‘naked’ shorting?By definition, the act of shorting would be naked. Otherwise it’d be called “selling”.
I really hate this sentiment. There are a lot of really good subs dedicated to finance/markets, and rather than contain most GME specific content on that sub people keep trying to spam every sub with it.I'm in GME and plenty of other meme stonks, but ffs sometimes people on Reddit don't want to keep rehashing what's been essentially the same story since at least January. Let mods/subs handle their communities, let people enjoy the content they came here for and above all stop with the r/conspiracy nonsense. Shilling on Reddit isn't as lucrative as some apes seem to believe. Tldr let people enjoy things
r/superstonk is the way
Not even close. Though I can almost guarantee this post gets locked/removed. Any sub not willing to host this topic is infiltrated and cannot be trusted.
Is it just me, or does her hand look like it has too many fingers?
Always same money, only the amount of bitcoin changes
They didnt want to give a specific amount in Bitcoin because one minute it could have been $2100 and by the end of the presentation it could have turned into $10k or $100.
That is the point. Btc is denoted in $ because it is a poor store of value that fluctuates still, and $ is a more recognizeable and meaningful store of value, even to people who are major advocates of btc.
By not making comments like this one
People still don't even know it began!
Win $2,100 in Bitcoin, now $2,500, now $1,900, now $1,850, now $2,400...
They are FINALLY talking about it!
Why would you price bitcoin in fiat if your mission is to end fiat? 1 btc = 1 btc right? Just hodl bro.
haha, echo chambers so strong that all logic defied
This is not the London School of Economics. This is the London Stock Exchange who are linked with the London Clearing House. They really don't want to lose business.
Ahh LSE the institution that will be losing business revenue telling it is a bad move, blimy!
Inside the EU, Britain's economy was run for the exclusive benefit of London's financial services. Every other industry was left to rot.Take David Cameron. In 2012 Cameron vetoed the EU's proposed financial-transaction tax, because the City didn't like it. In 2013 he did a deal with the Germans to protect their diesel car-makers from new emissions rules, if the Germans helped Britain veto regulations on banks. In 2014 Cameron demanded EU treaty revision to protect the City. And during his failed pre-Brexit "re-negotiation" in 2016, Cameron secured what he called an emergency safeguard for the City of London, bizarrely given that most ordinary voters wouldn't care.    Brexit was largely a vote against London and its domination of the UK economy. Quite interesting to see house-prices in areas outside London now growing much faster than those in the capital, for the first time in decades.
London Stock Exchange Group
[deleted]
Lol I'd get mildly depressed being in Chicago for more than 60 hours. But I hear ya.
I live in Frankfurt and lived in NYC before. NYC wins on many counts, but in Frankfurt you actually have a life and the surrounding countryside is beautiful. Quality of life is soo much higher here.
okay but now they're saying they will build out their platforms in Frankfurt, no?
“Since the UK left the European Union, the latter has blocked firms based inside the borders of the EU, from using London derivatives platforms –  pushing most into the U.S. so they can continue to trade.”
Suffering from success
Sounds a bit biased from LSE.
No
Why would it hurt the EU and not the UK?
Paris isn't as nice as London, and it's full of Parisians.
SPACs are ridiculous and they show that our regulatory agencies are toothless. The market is less regulated and more opaque than it was before the Great Recession.
Get one of them sweet sweet post brexit jobs I keep hearing about!
As someone who has owned a Chinese restaurant I can tell you it's word of mouth advertisement, menu door drops, signage, and cheap but delicious food.
I’m convinced the long John silvers by me is a front. I lived right across from it for 3 years and I’d say they averaged maybe one customer an hour at best.
How about you tell us? Also pls specify the job title and function. Good luck pressing enter from Frankfurt on actions dictated by the London team
No.  No it isn't.
Nobody is irreplaceable.
Are they naked shortbread?
Would that stop the capital from moving though?Bankers can always be replaced, favorable banking and investing circumstances however, can’t.
I strongly disagree, it's questionably legal and incredibly shady.  They're running the Deli to escape categorization as a shell company which imposes much stricter scrutiny on their actions and likely on acquisition targets.If they were registered as a shell company it would just be yet-another SPAC.
Call it Luckin coffee and sell it to the Chinese. Bam. Profit.
I have a coffee shop I’d like to take public.  I value it at $384M.  How do I go about attracting these type of investors?
I'm of a younger generation where many people haven't settled yet. A lot of my banker friends moved since people are hiring over there.The older generation, different story.
So opportunity for Europeans?
Almost sounds like front for laundering money.
The more sandwiches you eat there, the more you find out.
It’s too small. I lived there for a few years, can’t compare with cities like London or New York for instance.Paris would be a language issue I reckon.
[The FT](https://www.ft.com/content/4a6d0864-eb26-4e54-8ab5-ffad2e8166ee) interviewed a big shareholder of theirs', it's particularly looking at Asian businesses.Seemingly it's more efficient than a SPAC because it can operate on a much smaller scale:&gtAccording to Jain, repurposing an existing business for M&ampA is an efficient way to extend the Spac model to smaller deals. “The target companies we’re speaking to are in the $300m to $600m zip code in terms of valuation,” he said. “To get it to work from a public market perspective, the Spac needs to be $75m to $100m.”&gt“[Hometown] is a more flexible structure . . . with a longer time to find a target, and a better economic uplift,” Jain said. “It works like a mini-Spac,”
In light of Brexit, yes I guess
Breaking news : bankers have families and friends where they worked for decades. Who would have thought.
I don’t think this was unexpected by anyone. Majority of the City talent was always going to choose London over Frankfurt, Paris or Amsterdam. I have spent time in all those cites and London comes out on top by quite a margin if you have spare capital as most bankers do.
https://www.npr.org/2021/04/21/989625586/the-100-million-deliThis one is the full episode rather than just 3 minutes.
So if your job asks you to move to another country and you don't want to move your entire family, this is news?
IIRC they said the high valuation could play a role in acquiring or merging with other US based businesses, and that doing so would skirt plenty of costly m+a regulatory compliance. Memory is a bit too fuzzy here. I also wonder why you’d do this over something like a SPAC if the intent was to acquire US businesses.
The only way to find out is to go there and have a sandwich.
This has been solved. It’s nothing shady and perfectly legal. It’s an investment vehicle to make foreign investments through domestic entities. Planet money interviewed the architect of the plan.
 it’s just masquerading as a sandwich shop to keep up appearances that it’s a functioning business. In other words, they speculate, Your Hometown Deli may be a stalking horse in a kind of accounting game aimed at fast-tracking another — most likely foreign — company to the U.S. public markets, all while flying under the radar of regulators.
The Netherlands functions as a tax haven in many ways
In Venice:*A new G13 club has been formed with a sole intent to provide corporations with a basic, stable tax rate of 14%*
There are no shortage of EU countries that will happily block this deal though.
Ireland already put out an emphatic “fuck off”They want to ensure all the multinationals incorporate there
This is not as easy though, for example Amazon needs to ship in Europe from a European entity, for now they pay almost no tax by chosing Luxembourg but if the deal is applied to the EU it will pay more unequivocally
To the government that taxes them as usualFrom what I understand the agreement is just about setting a minimum tax among these nations so the big multinationals do not make them compete by lowering their taxes
You’re right. Everyone is in denial but they study harder, work harder, and really understand the struggle. Our schools most economically beneficial courses (engineering, maths, sciences) are all dominated by foreign students from ASIA. Nobody is talking about this and you still see kids flocking in to general arts program because they think they need a degree but don’t understand the value of which degree (or probably don’t want to commit to an actual difficult program).West is full of 🤡s.
We're past that now!  Move on!
&gtThe thing is, we’re past that nowWe who? Not developing countries
Countries shouldn’t be able to grow just by having low tax rates and inviting businesses to set up their HQs there. If you want to grow your national economy then develop resources or invent new products/ideas, don’t just play financial games.
Whatever is usually taxed
Guess who’s moving to Singapore
15% of what? Taxable income? Income statement pretax profit?
&gt U.S. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said the "significant, unprecedented commitment" would end what she called a race to the bottom on global taxation.
“However, the measures will first need to find broader agreement at a meeting of the G20 - which includes a number of emerging economies - due to take place next month in Venice.”
The thing is, we’re past that now. The current system that doesn’t include these taxes is unworkable. So while some theory says the taxes might reduce growth, the current alternative is worse.
This could potentially hamper growth in countries that are trying to make themselves lucrative for foreign direct investment
Taxes will be collected by the respective government of the countries where a particular corporation operates
where does the collected tax money go?
Damn. I posted this 3 years ago in r/mildlyinteresting and got 0 coverage. Thanks for posting it here. https://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/7vjtar/the_financial_times_404_page_teaches_you_about/?utm_source=share&amputm_medium=ios_app&amputm_name=iossmf
I learned line go up meets line go down. Can I have my degree now?
You had a bad class :(
I can imagine that a lot of companies choose to leave the page as generic tech-blah-blah so that the error isn't associated with them - people might (sub-consciously) blame "the internet", rather the website designers.
True.
This is better than 95% of the stuff posted on /r/finance
#ONE OF US
I died when I read moral hazard.
This is awesome.  Too many companies miss the fact that 404 is an opportunity to put something in front of an interested party.  Rather than throw it away, embrace it.  Knowledge and humor go a long way.  This will keep people coming back to the site.
This is really good the programmers had fun with this page. I loled at the tech team taking the money and doing nothing with it.
I learned more about Economics from this 404 page than my college Macro Econ course.
Whatever page you were looking for, this is better
Hey thanks for your response! I’ve never heard a good counter argument to this information, so you’re more than welcome to counter what I said because I am all for being corrected, but I was clear in saying I’m not an expert and this is the best of my knowledge of a convoluted system. Just saying “you’re wrong, I know more thank you and I’m not going to explain it” is unproductive.
Can we also ban them from buying up houses?
Think he meant hedge funds and banks
Sounds pretty fake
Free to... invest in our enemy? Yeah no.
Hey, so this is like pretty crazy right? Any sources?
As if a mere human could rip off the arms off an ape…
His error is in assuming that they are trading on margin, when in fact they aren't.
Good, fuck them. Delist the from exchanges in the West as well.
&gtIf you're leveraging meme stocks you probably know full well what you're going. Just gonna leave this here: https://www.reddit.com/r/thetagang/comments/nqy5nk/im\_dumb\_and\_feel\_so\_hopeless\_never\_sell\_naked/
FFS, financial institutions have been leveraging for ages, this was a critical spot in 2008 crisis, and it is now, with rehypothecation. The thing is, it's not about 'meme stock traders'.
Japan and Argentina are famous outliers due to one battling systemic deflation and the other battling systemic inflation. They make good academic cases for testing various macro economic theories
Yeah. And?If you're leveraging meme stocks you probably know full well what you're going. Every little guy pouring a couple hundred bucks in for the meme is not going to get fucked over. They're not doing anything serious, they're just in it for the ride. They're just going to lose the money they put in, something they're fully prepared to do.And if you don't know what you're doing... you've been warned for months now.
It isn'tBitcoin zealots like to point to Venezuela or high inflation countries trading Bitcoin but it's low volume.
That’s a good economics explained episode. That dude single handedly keeps the stock footage industry alive
I'm curious, what makes you say Bitcoin is successful in South America?
There are 4 kinds of economies: developed, underdeveloped, Japan, and Argentina.
Maybe other cryptocurrencies are seeing some use, but I doubt bitcoin with its $10-$60 transaction fees is saving anyone.
&gt"Everything is today, there is no tomorrow. Everything is in the short-term because there is no future."Uhmmm, not taking the long view then.
And here I thought they got busted because their ex’s cum was extremely valuable, but they failed to report it as incum.
TLDR: “cum” as in Latin for with / “ex” as in Latin for without (dividend rights)
So Deutsche Bank is just a straight up criminal organization with a charter who considers fines and penalties the cost of business right?  I never read news like this without DB being implicated.
oh no! my otm $CUM calls😳
explanation for wth name:  https://www.dw.com/en/cum-ex-tax-scandal-cost-european-treasuries-55-billion/a-45935370
“Cum-ex”... it’s been over a year since we broke up how did you know her nickname 😎
Any other COOMERS looking to claim they paid tax on shares that someone else paid the taxes on?Hmm...  not so sexy sounding...
I’m gonna be honest, this is the first time I’ve seen the words ‘Aggregated Tax Fraud’ in a sentence.
Giggity
Giggity
I called and it's legit. Interview tomorrow morning. Wish me luck!
I mean depends how u define democracy? China says they are democratic but they only have 1 party that you can vote on and if u vote blank your life will get hell of harder. Just because they can elect doesn’t mean they are democratic in my opinion
Just keep telling yourself "the West" runs a country with literal terrorists in charge, bought and paid for by Iran.Hope you enjoy dirt for dinner.
&gt I think anyone familiar with the situation would post the blame on regulatory capture and faulty government rather than a loose monetary policyThe biggest harbour in the country blowing up from the power of 7.000 tons of fertilizer didn't help either.
It’s basically been a shitshow since the civil war in 1975. And wasn’t much better before that either. Huge class gap.
Iran can keep the money flowing
That's awesome bro, what else do you misread? We should hang out some time.
What are you basing that on specifically?  That sounds like feels &gt reals sprouting from reading reddit headlines.  This article talks about Lebanon being extremely corrupt and defaulting on its debt a year ago.
Step 1: Be richStep 2: Don't be not rich
*"elect"*
Hezbollah received 300K votes in the last elections. Lebanon's population is 6 million.
Economics as a whole has many scientific and mathematical principles that can be readily applied and proven.  But fundamentally it doesn't obey laws like hard sciences, because at its root it is entirely based on **human psychology**- and while that can be statistically predicted, it can also be deliberately  or accidentally shunted by unpredictable or unseen forces.
This is what happens when you elect terrorists to lead your country.They don't know anything about actually running a country, and they don't actually care about doing so either.  Bringing people clean water, electricity or schools and jobs aren't glamorous or exciting.  And your Iranian financiers don't give a shit whether any of that exists, in fact it's better for them it doesn't because it makes you a better PR tool.
Tax on WhatsApp calls.
Yes.As a native young kid I truly believed, that every grownup does everything always right. Quite a revelation later on, you can imagine
&gtstupid politicians are everywhere.was this ever a question?
I’ve been paying attention to the Lebanese economy since 2019, and it is a fucking shitshow let me tell you. It seems as though the current power structure which includes Hezbollah above others has no qualms running this country into the ground so long as they retain their grip on power. Back in 2019 they actually tried to tax WhatsApp messages in a bid to raise government revenue.
no it didn’t. Economics isn’t a natural science subject, there’s no magic solution that work anywhere and anytime. The hyperinflation in Lebanon is caused by excessive money printing already.
MMT works when you're the global reserve currency and your debts are denominated in that same currency.. most of the world 🌎 debts are in dollars or Euros ..so  most countries can't use it.
I think anyone familiar with the situation would post the blame on regulatory capture and faulty government rather than a loose monetary policy
I'm guessing they aren't  the only ones, feels like we are in for some weird/hard months, years. Hope I'm wrong but with news like this I don't know what to think.
In addition to the behavioral issues, you also have to account for risk adjusted returns. Paying down existing debt is basically risk-free return, while investing gives you a an expected return with a distribution around it. Therefore time horizon and risk tolerance should also be considered.
&gt For high net worth individuals, what’s the difference between using a private bank and a family office? From what I can tell, they both deal with managing large sums of money.&gt &gt Generally speaking it's different levels of wealth. Net worth of ~$5M-$30M you'd get a wealth manager, each manager would probably have ~40-50 clients. Net worth of $20M-$300M or so it's cheaper to go with a private banker. You need dedicated service but maybe not the equivalent of fulltime staff working for you. Each banker might have ~10-20 clients. Net worth of few hundred million to billions, you'd need full time staff to manage stuff. Obviously these numbers are very rough and vary widely between firm to firm and person to person. &gt Also, how do institutions handle they buying/selling of securities without drastically influencing the stock price?Short answer, carefully. You get a trader with enough experience to split the parcel into smaller parcels of buy/sell orders and target an average price. Or you can go directly to someone who has a large number of securities and buy/sell it for slightly higher/lower than the market price
For high net worth individuals, what’s the difference between using a private bank and a family office? From what I can tell, they both deal with managing large sums of money.Also, how do institutions handle they buying/selling of securities without drastically influencing the stock price?
So if they don’t pay you’ll take them to court? When I loan money to family/friends I assume I won’t get it back
When deciding whether to invest or pay down debt, don’t you just pick the higher rate to throw your money at?
But percentage numbah biggah
you have 10 euros, you make 10 euros. You just had a 100% growth. You have 10 million, someone gives you 1 million. You had a 10% growth.
This whole thing sounds like a nightmare. Global tax... wtf
Sunak should get his balls out of government.When this useless schil started to shag his now wife, she got daddy dull to install him on the board and destroyed 50 or so social projects being run by infosys leadership in the U.K. Destroyed the projects overnight and company overnight and then helped totally fuck up Olympic IT, and still get paid for it. On top of that his and her cohort of friends where implicated in the US L1 visa fraud. Sure the JoanAss brothers can help...Says it all.A Hindu nationalist who aligns himself with the blood money of Bollywood and Uganda. He is such an Haryana India dullard, who would destroy anything for his own chitter success.
BIS is saying Blackrock dishonestly provided securities when Authorized Participants (AP) tried redeem ETFs (that is, the AP provided Blackrock with ETF shares and BR provided them with bonds). This creation/redemption procedure is what allows AP’s to arb any differences between the NAV and ETF price.So BIS was like “bros you guys didn’t this right” and BR is like “oh ya take a look at this shit”Bond ETFs are a bit different cause the ETF might not hold every security of the index, and BR might not provide a correct proportion of what it’s holding (what BIS is accusing BR of). So it’ll usually be a mix of bonds + cash
I've read this and I'm having trouble making sense of it. Would you (someone) kindly explain the significance?
Ive never seen $0.1k written before.
... yes.
"MY WIFE DOESNT BELIEVE IN ME OH NONONO!"
Have u done ur taxes? Lol
Wonder what the next 100 years looks like for BRK. The legacy.By the way, the infographic text is hard to read.
# BITCONNNEEEEEEEEECCT
The world is no longer as it seems, mmm, no no no
No.. his name is Carlos Matos and he is from New York City, New York.He is not listed as one of the names in this.
They close after 6pm
These guys are so old they invest in companies that __make more money__ than they __spend over time!__ _Idiots!_They need to join the modern world and sink their money in to whatever coin is paying the mods of /r/cryptocurrency the most for hype posts (and never take it off the fly by night exchange they bought it from).
I know right?Probably because he doesn’t know how to use the internet so he has no access to r/wallstreetbets nor crypto brokers. He and Munger are a couple of outdated dinosaurs.
I'm not seeing any gamestop, AMC, NFTs or dogecoin.  Doesn't he know that IOTA uses trinary encryption for the internet of things?  Doesn't he know bitcoin's $30 transactions will be solved by a complicated and fragile second layer no one wants any day now even though it has been available for half a decade? Enjoy being poor Warren!
BITCONNEEEEEEEEEEEECT
Corporate vs franchise
Hey hey hey
Isn’t this the guy who was  on LWT screaming Bitconnect!  Always wonders what happened to that guy.
How does Dairy Queen only employ 464 people?
FINMA are trying to discourage the lack of oversight/accountability that enables incompetence of this scale. Understandable and hard to do.
Pretty sure he sold most of the WF too
More coverage at:*  [US hands Swiss bank red card in FIFA bribe scandal (msn.com)](https://www.msn.com/en-nz/news/world/us-hands-swiss-bank-red-card-in-fifa-bribe-scandal/ar-AAKsyeE) *  [Swiss bank Julius Baer to pay nearly $80M in FIFA case (apnews.com)](https://apnews.com/cbb892da1296004b904d552b6cdbc01c) *  [Swiss bank Julius Baer to pay $80 million in deferred prosecution deal for FIFA soccer corruption case (cnbc.com)](https://www.cnbc.com/2021/05/27/swiss-bank-julius-baer-gets-deferred-prosecution-soccer-corruption-case.html) ---^(I'm a bot to find news from different sources.)  [^(Report an issue)](https://www.reddit.com/user/MultiSourceNews_Bot/comments/k5pcrc/multisourcenews_bot_info/) ^(or PM me.)
This graph is pretty interesting but it doesn’t look like the latest info. I though WB sold all of airline stakes
It’s an odd one. Last I checked CS wasn’t the only institution wrapped up in the Archegos scandal it’s just that it was so stupid, it was the one left holding the bag. Are we punishing incompetence? But I suppose the article gets at new legislation to hold specific individuals responsible for bad actions. Maybe that’s worth exploring.
Am I missing something here? CS fucked up by offering excessive leverage to Archegos and that blew up on their face - but what crime was committed? Are poor business decisions illegal now?!
They won't punish the banks, they'll make middle-managers accountable like those banks are already forced to do in their UK entities. I worked in UBS for a couple of years in London and these rules were already in place for PRA regulated parts of the org... it would be a very small leap to copy those rules into FINMA and apply them to Swiss staff.
Ya right. They’ll really punish the banks! Who in the world actually believes this nonsense?
Many average people dont consider a CEO who takes his bonus after a rough year where stimulus money was necessary a "good" CEO.
“The debate has unfolded after Credit Suisse lost more than $5 billion from the collapse of family office Archegos and faced a barrage of legal action over $10 billion of client investments linked to Greensill.A bank spokesman said its board of directors had launched investigations that would “reflect on the broader consequences” of those events, adding that it had made management changes in investment banking and risk controls.The string of scandals angered officials at supervisor FINMA, who struggle to hold bankers to account because Swiss rules only allow it sanction directors if directly involved in wrongdoing rather than for general managerial lapses.”
They can easily meet the terms of the loan forgiveness and pay themselves a bonus. It wasn’t my CV of a requirement except use “most” of it on employees
Public auditor here, there usually are stipulations to the actual debt/loan agreements to these companies. PPP Loans and other govt loans the past year includes certain stipulations for forgiveness and if forgiveness isn’t met, then these companies will be liable for the loan + small interest rate.
“We” can’t do much and we do hold them accountable but we can’t do anything substantial besides “this company bad”. The government can
The company should still be blamed for greed. We need to start holding companies responsible for neglecting society as a whole.
Lmfao I can to type this exact thing. I own multiple stores and work quite a bit, once I hit that 3 million digit number on some screen I have everything is going to stop at a halt. 3 million is the way.
Y’all have brains?
I would but then retire. I need 3mil to retire and if I made that out of nowhere I'd stop working right away. No need to hoard anymore money.
I doubt that anyone in the same position would say no.
My brain remains it’s regular size when people are surprised or not surprised
Implodes my brain when people are surprised by people who are surprised by this
blows my mind when people are surprised by this
Somebody on wsb did this but with 10k and essentially doubled down every time he was in the money.  Turned 10k into like 350k in 4 trades
Damn working class and their IRA/401k’s are ruining the market!/s
Maybe not investment, but this is totally a relevant finance news/story to track and discuss. Professional money managers are tracking these apes closely, it has become a market gauge. Shouldn’t you?
Imagine being on a finance forum, being interested in finance and then being rattled by a financial phenomenon.
Says the guy who inconsistently capitalizes the first word of each sentence.  The worst part is the hypocrisy.
Well look at this guy.  Probably tells teacher she forgot to assign the homework too.
Preach
Bought 1 call for strike price $25 for 28th for $50 and sold it for $1200.........
No.
You should invest as much as you can afford on a regular basis in index funds.
Uhhh...no...we love theatre movies 🦍🚀
Hedge fund plows money in the stock then uses media to point fingers at wendy's workers.
What was it like when you brought wall street to its knees by camping and drinking in a park?
Why can't it be both? You can love AMC and/or GME and also love using them to bash over-leveraged hedge funds.
This shit has invaded every money/finance/investment related internet forum and I am completely sick of it.
Waxing means to increase.
Lol so many “institutions” have failed over the years and no one cares. Stop having feelings for corporations.
The match hasn’t even been struck. In the meantime, keep buying what you can. I hear eBay has some nice space suits.
A lot of the customers of GameStop are not customers of pawn shops and were only ever exposed to those practices (i.e. lowballing to the point of insult) in a GameStop.
Poster child for the dot-com bust: Pets.com. Poster child(ren) for when the current speculative fever breaks: GME &amp AMC. It’s like I can see the train wreck coming but there’s nothing to do but watch.
they sell ps3 games for really cheap, they’re good in my book
No one loves Gamestop or AMC.  They love using them as a club to bash over leveraged rich people and squeeze money out of them.
yeah, let's not pretend even 1% of new GameStop "fans" are fans for any reason other than they hope to get rich off memeing the stock
I don’t understand why.  Every used seller and pawn shop is like this. But sure let’s get pissed at GameStop who also has to hedge for the interest in a game to decline with age and get stuck with the inventory.  They don’t force you to sell to them, don’t like it then don’t do it.
Normal trading will resume in 3 years
Yeah but it's ours to hate...and now love, not WallStreets.
AMC little league.  GME New York Yankees.
I am once again asking you to go to the moon
This to me is the real occupy wallstreet, not tent city. You got these hedge funds wanting to bankrupt our beloved institutions and these bunch of kids in their mom garage Yolo their life savings into their favorite businesses.
Nice to see some fake squeezing. Means my gme is almost ripe
This looks pretty. That aside, this doesn’t seem remotely wise or healthy. Consistent reminders of price will most probably cause a person to trade more. Trading more frequently is correlated to worse outcomes. In addition, the constant flashing lights attention-grabbing will probably keep your mind focused on this and distracted from other important elements of life that don’t have to do with the hamster wheel of the market. Having split attention all the time will probably make you do most everything else a little worse. Good luck.
More like a trade executioner
Hey, why don't you relax and try to remain just the most bare amount of civil?
Funny.I had a stint in analytics and strategy at a debt collector and there's a requirement in the FDCPA (I think?) that you can't use automated dialing systems for collections.There was a fella in a wheelchair whose job was to click the call button all day so the calls were technically dialed by a human and not automated. They literally built a simple queueing system GUI so you click in the exact same spot on the screen.
So like an execution trader?
&gt Mark my words when the next crisis comes, what happened in March 2020 will be nothing to compare when buyside wants to cash out.What's this? A rando making an anonymous macro call with unclear horizon and hazy justification on Reddit? I'd better liquidate all my assets, quickly.
&gt There is not a financial center in the world which has a good climate!Singapore is pretty nice.So is Tokyo.
Do you not know what the E stands for? It’s not England…
It’s absolutely not a coincidence, lol. If you’re living next to a beach - why would you want a job that keeps you glued to your desk 10,11,12+ hours a day? And conversely, if you’re an employer, why would you want to set up shop somewhere that your employees are going to be daydreaming about leaving to get some sun during the workday? I hate to be cynical but it makes too much sense if you really think about it. Miami is on the rise as a financial center (the pandemic really highlighted to NYCers how much of a shithole they live in once you take away the restaurants/nightlife) but we will see how long that trend lasts.
If the ECB decides to make Barcelona or Sevilla a financial centre, then I am all for it.Unfortunately they want to push FrankfurtThere is not a financial center in the world which has a good climate! Incredible...that can't be a coincidenceMaybe Grand Cayman, Sydney and San Francisco/San Jose be considered financial centers? They have good climate
I find myself both qualified and available for one of these "click enter" positions. Where do I apply?
ECB looking out for EU’s interests as they are supposed to do. UK chose to leave, now deal with it.
They tried to do this in the 80s in the US, resulting in banks hiring armies of staff to sit in the US and click 'enter' on each trade that had been decided in London, so that the 'actual staff making the trade was legally in the US'. While Amsterdam, Paris, Frankfurt, Singapore and many other places are lovely, I personally prefer London - and would need a lot to change to physically relocate. Hopefully, we won't be forced to hire 'click enter' employees in the EU.
Very thorough and compelling critique.
Default rate could rise on mortgage and various corporate government debts. Spending could slow. That d be a blow to the fragile macro economy. Inflation is fine in principe but those who are asset less will suffer.
Central bankers around the world are mulling the future of their massive bond-buying programs in a post-pandemic world, knowing that with big balance sheets come big expectations.    Featured in the June/July issue of Bloomberg Markets.Illustrator: Rachell Sumpter  The Group of Seven developed economies piled on about $7 trillion in debt last year as they spent heavily to fight the pandemic and prop up their economies. Central banks ended up owning much of that new debt, according to Bloomberg Economics.    Even as asset purchases continue, with hundreds of billions of dollars spent each month, officials at the U.S. Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank are among those figuring out how—or if—they can reduce asset piles that have been a mainstay of financial markets for more than a decade.    The problem is that markets have come to expect central banks to use their buying power to smooth over any hint of trouble. Governments may be tempted to lean on monetary authorities to use it to keep borrowing costs low indefinitely. And activists now also call on monetary officials to use their firepower to fight inequality and even climate change. Those disparate expectations add to the unease fueled by economists who for years have warned about the long-term effects of quantitative easing.    “The Fed balance sheet is going to be gigantic for a long time,” says Alan Blinder, a former Fed vice chairman who’s now a Princeton professor. “That worries some people,” he says—but not Blinder himself.    The size of the Fed balance sheet in coming years will largely be determined by Federal Open Market Committee decisions regarding asset purchases and reinvestment policies, the New York Federal Reserve Bank noted in a late May report. Yet the report projects that the balance sheet could rise by 2023 to $9 trillion, equivalent to 39% of gross domestic product. Under a range of scenarios, Fed assets could remain at that level through 2030 or drop as low as $6.6 trillion.      QUANTITATIVE-EASING TOOLS have been a welcome boon to ­monetary institutions faced with policy rates already near or below zero. But they’ve also magnified the political profile of central banks, leaving them more exposed to entanglement in fiscal policy—or the perception that they could be.    So-called fiscal dominance—in which central banks are prevented from acting on their inflation mandates for fear of harming the government’s finances—is the issue. It’s associated with a ­spectrum of concerns, ranging from the erosion of independence, with the possibility of monetary officials keeping policy too loose and unleashing inflation, to a regime change in which government borrowing is monetized, with central banks buying debt directly or agreeing to buy a certain amount.    How far the situation has come is starkly visible in Europe. Where once the mere purchase of debt of euro-area nations on secondary markets unleashed accusations of illegal monetary financing, high-­ranking politicians in Italy and France have in recent months called for the bonds on the European Central Bank’s balance sheet to be canceled or turned into “perpetual” bonds that never get paid back.    The idea that government debt has to be honored is coming under attack. “We’re headed toward this sort of Modern Monetary Theory regime where the debt and free money supposedly have no consequences,” says Charles Plosser, a former president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, who’s now a fellow at the Hoover Institution. “What I worry about ultimately is the politicization of the central bank.”    The concern is about a specific set of circumstances: With such a large balance sheet, a central bank such as the Bank of Japan, the Fed, or the ECB is the government’s buyer-in-chief. Indirectly, the monetary authority controls the government’s cost of borrowing. The current debates about so-called yield-curve control—buying that targets a specific yield at a given tenor—only underline this fact.    But if inflation comes along, the central bank governor is in a pickle. Raise rates, and the government screams. Keep them low, and you prove that your independence—and credibility to fight inflation—has gone.    The straightforward way to get out of this dilemma is to reduce the size of debt holdings as quickly as possible. Bank of England Governor Andrew Bailey hinted last year that he may favor aggressive shrinkage also because it could create more room to maneuver in a future emergency.    But in 2013, after the U.S. had come out of the crisis sparked by the subprime meltdown, the Fed signaled an attempt to “taper” its own balance sheet, leading to an immediate spike in bond yields and global market turmoil. Central bankers are wary of doing the same again. Fed officials say there’s no need to discuss a change in the pace of bond-buying until much more progress has been made on their employment and inflation goals. Investors are laser-focused on when that moment might come.    The lesson from the Bank of Japan, which has advanced further in the direction of fiscal dominance than its peers, seems to be that any attempt to wind down the debt holdings of today could take a generation or more. “The BOJ will have to do it very, very slowly, hoping no one will notice that’s what it is doing,” says Richard Koo, chief economist at the Nomura Research Institute in Tokyo and a former adviser to Japanese prime ministers. “If they do it very carefully over, say, 20 to 30 years, they may be able to bring the balance sheet back to something normal.”    Quantitative easing has been part of the monetary toolkit for so long now that the definition of “normal” has changed. Where once the Fed maintained a “lean” balance sheet just greater than the value of bank notes issued, there’s little chance of a return to that. There are various reasons why central bankers will want to retain at least some of their current holdings indefinitely, from preserving their ability to intervene to smooth market functioning to helping the conduct of monetary policy.    To do so, central bankers may need to prove that they’re not captured by their finance ministries and that, when inflation returns, they can react. Vitor Constancio, ECB vice president until 2018, argues the fears about fiscal dominance are “wishful thinking” by market investors, a narrative that pressures the central bank to keep policy loose indefinitely.    “When inflation normalizes in a consistent way, central banks will start reducing the size of their balance sheets,” Constancio says. “I have no doubt about that.”
There will be no sustainable inflation (except asset prices) , also with low interest rates, as you can see in Japan since over 20 years of low interest rates
I don’t understand why inflation is inevitable couldn’t they just raise rates and/or unload assets as soon as inflation rose above target?The anti-inflation options seem so easy, I don’t understand why everyone assumes it’ll exceed the 2% goal line
It’s got to tip one way or the other inflation or high interest rate. Though the thing is USD is the reserve currency for so many governments its gonna be an inflation thinned out across the globe. Countries that hold US government bonds and hold USD will all pay the bill together so perhaps inflation is not a bad option either.
This website is a nightmare from which I will never awake
Yes!
At Least hes learning.
The fed doing reverse repos isn’t a huge concern, it’s when I see them sell a few billion in T-Bills a day..or when their US liquidity fund isn’t in the trillions I start to worry. It’s all about stability and managing risk. The fed tries to leverage its funds across a lot of different avenues in the financial industry. They’ve got repos, collateral, buys/sells t-bills, time deposits, STIF (short term investment funds), cash reserve..so many ways they manage their cash but at the end of the days that’s what they’re doing. Raising cash &amp managing risk. Here if you have anymore questions!
Tell us more.
I am with you there. Rehypothication is a bitch
I see, that was the easiest and most simple explanation I could ask for. Thanks for the insight
This sub isn’t a complete echo chamber like some other financial subs. So if you’re wrong, you’re gonna get called out for being wrong. A ton of really smart and experienced people on this sub are giving you answers to what you’re confused and worried about, it’s up to you to believe em or not.
https://www.reddit.com/r/GME/comments/mil875/michael_burry_handed_us_the_missing_piece_on_a/?utm_source=share&amputm_medium=ios_app&amputm_name=iossmf
You are exactly right. A bunch of amateurs feed eachother and everyone misinformation to suit their own agendas.
That’s being  misinterpreted by most. RRP take up spikes when there’s excess unwanted deposits on bank balance sheets. Treasury just sent $80B in payments in two days to states, adding unwanted liabilities to balance sheets. That money goes from banks -&gt MMF -&gt RRP because there’s a deficit of t bills.Long story short there’s no reason to think this is bearish for equities. HF gross leverage remains near highs, there’s no evidence that banks are pulling back lending.There’s def issues in the ST funding market which the Fed can address by tweaking SOMA or raising IOER which they’ve hinted at. They can also raise the RRP cap per institution above $80B, or issue more T-Bills. In a pinch they could change the SLR again to exclude USTs like they did in Mar 2020, which they let (seemingly mistakenly) expire in Mar 2021.Good read https://fed.tips/sico4-1/
Maybe they should stop counterfeiting shares
The main thing, like other people have pointed out, is that this is a reverse repo. Why would banks be giving money back to the Fed if they are being margin called? And your main thesis is that the banks are receiving money due to a need to raise collateral for their failed shorts. So that doesn’t make sense if they are closing their transactions with the Fed.
Lol. Clueless.
What was his warning?
I will be careful I understand the sentiment when spreading misinformation I was in the wrong and I gladly admit it. I will be sure to do my own research before replying with a concrete answer.
No I didn’t say that, you are most definitely allowed to be wrong on reddit.
Once again, I’m sorry for how that came across. I got frustrated reading through your comments and had to speak up. I replied to another comment of yours before I saw this reply - genuinely am sorry that it wasn’t too friendly. What bothered me is how confidently you’re answering questions while adding leading rhetorical questions of your own. No worries, and I genuinely meant it when I said to keep learning and keep investing! Asking questions is totally cool, but please try not to confidently answer questions if you aren’t sure on a subject! Have a good night man - hope you can forgive the bluntness lol
I mean I’m not trying to be too rude, but you self admittedly said you are an electrician who doesn’t know what they’re talking about. So idk why people on this sub should listen to what you think is gonna happen because the reverse repo numbers seem large to you.
Like a salt lamp size grain of salt
Thanks for stating this clearly. OP seems to be attributing this huge flow of cash to the Gamestop and hedge funds narrative, even though there's little evidence that these reverse repo ops have anything to do directly or indirectly with those hedge funds. To begin with, the cash is flowing from banks *back into the Fed*, outright invalidating the theory.I wonder who the leaders are of this conspiracist-minded movement, who put out spurious speculation that has misled so many laypeople.
I really don’t.
I’m not trying to be an ass, but you have literally no idea what you’re talking about anywhere in this thread. You are speaking with confidence and spreading misinformation about things you know almost literally nothing about. This is the rudest Reddit comment I’ve made since I joined. You are learning about finance from people who learned finance from upvoted threads and memes about how to get rich quick and stick it to the boogeymen. You don’t need a formal education on the subject to be informed, but you have an informal education from uninformed conspiracy theorists. Ask questions, don’t answer them.
He's an AMC bro (aka a close relative to GMEanon). So view everything you are reading with a massive massive grain of salt.
This guy (OP) genuinely has no clue what he’s talking about.
Yes I am an electrician, I have no clue what I’m talking about. Just trying to gain some insight on what seems like an insane amount of money to be borrowed for 1 day. Thanks for your comment
I’m not trying to be rude, but did you start learning about the finance world from WSB/AMC? Again, not trying to be rude, but everything in your comments on this thread strike me as WSB educated. You’re working backwards from the conspiracy that the markets are rigged, and anything you don’t quite fully understand must point towards the short squeeze that you have been told is a week away for the past five months. I know that sounds mean, but come on.You’ve taken an interest in a cool and fun industry, and that’s great. There’s a reason why you don’t see hedge funds (who couldn’t care less about solidarity with their fellow hedge funds and billionaires) liquidating everything and investing in GME and AMC. It’s not because they haven’t read the DD, it’s because it’s literally a coin flip. It could be worth more tomorrow, it could be worth less. If a squeeze was imminent, likely, or even remotely possible, do you not think think they would be throwing millions and millions at these stocks simply because they haven’t read the DD that convinced a bunch of people with minimal experience in the financial world?Keep learning and keep your interest, but please try to stay objective while learning, and realize that the DD you’re reading is also working backwards from the belief that a squeeze is surely going to happen. I’m not saying that it won’t come or spread FUD. Stay invested, invest more if you believe in the company or even the squeeze. Just consider the source of what you read online before taking it as objective fact. Sorry if that seemed blunt or rude, just annoyed with how confidently incorrect these “experts” are and the praise they get for spreading nonsense.
I work at the largest custodian bank in the world, and manage repos, reverse repos, and triparty repos every day. Billions. What I can tell you is this, Reverse repos are managed as opens &amp closes. The open is the DVP (sale, deliver vs. pay) and the close (when the repo is maturing) is the RVP (buy, receive vs pay). What the fed is doing is delivering shares for money, letting it accrue at a rate, and then it closes, shares are received into the bank and the money is being sent out. It’s not a collateral issue - the fed cannot issue collateral it doesn’t have held at FRB (federal reserve bank). There’s plenty of collateral. They’re raising cash.
This is the correct answer. And this post is not the first one I’ve seen on reddit recently from someone freaking out about the reverse repo market who doesn’t understand it.
The Fed defines repo and reverse repo in terms of the effect on its counterparty’s balance sheet. If the Fed repos, then it means the Fed is lending. If the Fed reverse repos, then the Fed is borrowing and sending out collateral.
You don't. Reverse repos are done by the Fed to curb excess liquidity, which would make perfect sense given the perfect storm of low interest rates and high amounts of QE injection.
Probably something to do with the Fed buying up $120bn /mo
If banks don't have cash, they will SELL treasuries to the Fed to get cash. This is the exact opposite, where banks are BUYING treasuries from the Fed.
Exactly like Michael Burry warned about shortly before the SEC came knocking.
Not to rag on OP, but he in one comment states that he thinks it's a sure liquidity issue, and then in another separate comment states that it's a collateral issue instead. OP, I think you may need to understand the mechanics of a reverse repo before you make such claims. If this was a collateral issue (as you suggest), why would banks exchange their cash (excess liquidity) for treasuries?
You have it backwards. Reverse repos are the banks/financial institutions purchasing securities from the Fed. In essence “lending” to the Fed.
This is not quite right. The Fed is borrowing money from RRP counterparties for one day, collateralized by the Treasuries on its balance sheet. The RRP pays more than bilateral or triparty repo, which pay basically nothing or even slightly negative rates recently bc reserves are so abundant and the system is awash in cash. Like a previous commenter noted, the Fed does O/N RRP to put a floor under interest rates to avoid negative rates, which create an existential problem for banks. This doesnt indicate weakness in the financial system, necessarily, but it may suggest ongoing downward pressure on interest rates and some sort of real constraint to Fed asset purchases and additional fiscal stimulus (given oversupply of Treasuries).
Its the opposite. Theres too much cash and not enough treasuries due to the Fed buying all of it. Banks are leverage constrained and money that would have gone into deposits are flowing into money market funds and competing for treasuries.
Everyone deserves to know.
You know the difference between now and in the past is that if you did diligently follow these things and find something important like this in previous bubbles you wouldn't have been able to inform anyone. Thank you for posting this
This mentions the liquidity issue that it is being disguised as. I believe wholeheartedly it is a collateral issue. Great article though. Thanks
It’s really insane that citizens had to wait 6+ months from congress for 1.9T, but they lend that amount out in 1 week with no oversight? I just can’t wrap my head around a 394 billion dollar 1 day loan it’s insane
Here’s a good explanation: https://wolfstreet.com/2021/05/20/fed-drains-351-billion-in-liquidity-from-market-via-reverse-repos-as-banking-system-creaks-under-mountain-of-reserves/
Banks don't want any more treasuries.  They begging for fed to taper, literally begging JPow.  I read somewhere the fed thinking of replacing the banks as primary dealers for their QE.  Who knows how this shit show will end but it is funny to see unlimited QE finally showing some blowback.
I have no idea I’m trying to find answers myself
What is the reason for them doing this? What is it an attempt to counteract?
For some reason, it seems as if treasuries are in short supply and very high demand. I think you’re right when you say this is disguised as a liquidity issue. My guess would be something brewing with the Eurodollar.. Could be a million things, though. Maybe it’s a big deal, maybe it’s a hiccup.
Well they have been taking centi-billion dollar 1-day loans since the end of April, (today being the largest ever recorded) so I think we are screwed.  It isn’t a liquidity issue either, it is a collateral issue disguised as a liquidity issue.
What does this mean for the market and US economy tho?
Get 'em
The history of finance is incredibly interesting. People have no idea how much progress in the world has been made because of the invention of abstract financial products. Interesting enough, this was one of the major things that was lost in Europe as the Roman empire collapsed in western Europe. It wasn't until the Renaissance that lots of these financial instruments returned.
Fascinating article. It's easy to forget that some of the underlying concepts of finance have been around for a while
&gtThats why I keep an eye on insider trading of companies I like. If a stock dips and the CFO helps himself to a cool 1,000,000 shares, I’m buying the dip. Or&gtI dont make decisions based on that indicator
That seems like a noisier signal though. Executives might sell for a number of reasons, maybe they have some independent ventures they need the capital for, doesn't necessarily mean they think it's overpriced. As an example, Mark Zuckerberg and Bill Gates sell of lots of shares each year to fund their charity work.Whereas a spontaneous sell without announcing beforehand is a pretty clear tell what they think of the price.
Sounds like bullshit.
They do, but think about it. When he files to sell off a massive amounts of his position he already thought it was overpriced. Everything else he got on top of that was just gravy.
I thought most executives have predetermined stock selling plans for years in advance to prevent this kind of signaling. Is this less standard than i thought?
https://finviz.com/quote.ashx?t=AMZN
...And then I made several billion dollars.
Endless discussions always involve two partially overlapping truths. The internal view of the company is no more privileged in knowing the future than the collective wisdom (or insanity) of the market. Executing well on a given business model (a micro perspective) does not mean that the outside world does not have a possible edge on knowing what is in store in a more macro sense.
Same is true in reverse as well Microsoft 1999-2012....Ballmer's tenure. The initial vision of the company (a computer on every desk) finally became true, but the stock stayed flat.You never know what the heck is going on in other market participants minds.
“Buy the dip” is the most destructive phrase for young investors right now.  Most will get an education the hard way.
Lol, yeah.  The "Warren Buffett Method"... just walk up to any business and ask to see all their internal metrics, then have a team of full-time professionals and industry experts pour over those metrics, then just invest in the under-valued companies... easy!
Thats why I keep an eye on insider trading of companies I like. If a stock dips and the CFO helps himself to a cool 1,000,000 shares, I’m buying the dip. If a stock rockets and the CEO dumps a few months later, time to take profits and run. Check out PLUG chart action and match it to what insiders thought of the stock.
It's still a valid point. It's why "buy the dip" is a saying. A stock can crash because the stock market is crashing despite the business still being strong.
Because the market only knows public information. Internal company reports are obviously not public.
They prefer to be called ants
The issue is that there's likely naked short selling happening and unenforced reporting standards. Also, in my opinion, predatory short selling on microcap stocks is probably too large of a barrier to enter a market as a public company and I suspect this is a major factor in why we're seeing less and less publicly traded companies. Short selling isn't necessarily evil but I have a lot of doubts that unrestricted short selling is a net positive for economic growth.
Bad take. Short selling isn’t detrimental when done transparently. They banned it when there was the equivalent of a run on the banks because people needed liquidity. But right now there isn’t a run on the banks, and no one is desperate for liquidity. Yet short selling is still covert which just hurts the regular investors that can’t understand why their portfolio value continues to drop.
AMC at 100,000 puts it at worth 45 trillion, more than the US stock market. Even AMC at 500 puts it at 225 billion in value. I kindly suggest you quit smoking crack, my friend.
Pass the mayo
“In fact, the South Korean equivalent of WallStreetBets –  KStreetBets – exerted enough pressure on regulatory bodies to extend several ban extensions on the practice of short selling itself.”Dang. They have smarter apes.
These crayons are delicious. What do the words say?
💎👐 = 🚀 🚀 🚀
I’ve noticed a few solid articles coming out of Tokenist
People tend to forget that panel of senior GS folks who were grilled about their derivatives business on national TV in a congressional hearing after 2008. These are some of the smartest people in the game, caught red handed selling fistfuls of shit they knew was such, and every one of them acted like they knew less than the interns.
None of those bankers moving shops was responsible for any of the Archegos failings. Completely different parts of the business.
Hiring bonus. It's there specifically to make up for that lost bonus, otherwise it's harder to get talent to trade in their golden handcuffs.
Q1 next year is pay out but have to be there more than half the previous year.
Credit sus
you let them do options and were gonna see suicides. not trying to be morbid
Man you fully drink the punch don’t you. Shit like 1MBD happens and they always plead ignorance, but somehow they are always the smartest in the room?And if they are so smart why is their consumer business shit tier? Because they can’t bully and cheat in that market.
No one I know would ever say this. We're too worries about compliance.But then again there's the Libor fixing guys, so what do I know. S/T is full of retards.
When 30-50% pay is bonus, you dip and get a job before Q2 ends so u can qualify for a bonus in your next job.
Not that hard when you have alumni at the highest levels of the American federal govt
Not illegal. These accounts kind of already exists, primarily with IRA accounts. The account belongs to an adult but for the benefit of the dependent
Sure they have smart folks but a decent portion of their size is that they are big enough and influential enough to rig the rules in their favor.That scene with burry on GS pricing his stuff only when they’d taken up the same position was a very clear message of what people have always known about GS.  If they can’t beat you they’ll change the rules.
I’m totally all in with my grandkids! I’ma teach them Yolo investing with their cuss money....
Banking jobs are like that. There really is no internal career growth. You grow by jumping from one bank to another. That's why all the banks end up having the same ideas (idea that mostly fail) over and over again.
Probably not hard when you have inside information. But maybe I’m wrong.
Isn't that illegal? Or is it just a joint account with the parent's authorizing the trading?
Nah, Goldman has done well and made money in every crisis or serious event. Their risk managment team is superb. It wasn't luck that they were the first ones to get out of the Archegos debacle, it was skill. Look at how they managed the 2008 crisis, they limited losses and even *made money* on their fine from the US gov. Goldman overall is just really good at making money and doing it consistantly.
they just gave their juniors a bonus to not leave during the pandemic
fully disagree. had a vp at gs email asking if the greenshoe increases with an upsized deal...not saying they don’t have smart people, every bank does, but they also have their fair share of average and below average bankers
Yea this person above has no clue what they are talking about. Just mindlessly spewing nonsense. Losses were disclosed in quarterly reports/calls.
Ha! Totes. They will need the talent and experience
Sounds like you'll be able to get a nice pay raise by changing to Suisse in a few months time
I always wondered, is this a well known Wall Street term or is this just a quote from Margin Call?
No but they’re not allowed to lie and say there’s no material losses if there’s actually material losses.Looks like MS and GS walked away nearly unscathed.
I don’t think you understand how bank bonuses work (IB &amp Markets) — net revenues for both advisory and underwriting have been increasing despite COVID for the past two years across all top banks. Senior bankers are responsible for bringing in deal flow &amp get compensated as such as part of their bonuses.Also, yes the other bulge bracket banks may have suffered some losses related to Archegos but Credit Suisse took one of the most sizable hit ($5bn+ iirc) vs. Goldman who acted a lot faster in offloading their positions and won’t be booking a notable loss.
Aren’t their losses mostly known at this point?
Until you can spell “lose”, I don’t think many people will listen to you.
Be first, be smarter or cheat. Goldman was just first.
Imagine letting a teen trade on margin. Terrifying!
What exactly are you insinuating?
Goldman are always the ones doing the best job
Credit Suisse has a fallout coming for definite, a better bonus is more likely at the other banks mentioned
You get bonuses annually.. so, yes
Is this rhetorical? Lol
yes def seems like it
Makes sense, bonuses are gonna cut firmwide even though most IBD groups are having a banger of a year. No point in sticking around.
Why is it always Deutsche Bank or Credit Swisse?
What does that even mean? If they stayed, then yes, it would matter. The people leaving are top performers who are being dragged down by a failing division of which they had no say in.
Meme stocks are stocks favored by younger investors. Theyre typically highly volatile, in tech, and speculation plays. Stuff like TSLA, GME, PLTR, NIO.
No options or margin. Then knock yourself out on meme stocks. No harm no foul
Why wouldn’t it? If you’re a banker at Credit Suisse there is no point sweating away 70-80+ hours a week just to get a shit bonus (relative to their peers/industry) at the end of this year. These are likely bankers not associated with Archegos, but realize their bonuses are going to be hit hard because of it anyways.
More meme stock investing!
Full details not released yet, but it's rumored that it's not going to be universal, and it has an end date, which both make it an ineffective study, just like every other UBI study. Affecting a small population within the overall population doesn't give insight into how an entire population of people would react under a scheme, and setting an end date means that people can't actually base long term planning decisions off of the scheme. If I know I'm going to need money in 3 years, then that really affects what i do now.I'm not really supportive of a UBI in general for a lot of reasons, but it's frustrating to see these pilots be half assed. Either try it and see if you succeed or fail, or don't do it at all, because the data doesn't really tell us much.
California needs all the people that can’t afford to live there to stop kidding themselves.
Lol no
You don’t understand the system if this is a genuine question
BoE is tapering...
"Lol no."The epitome of arguments on Reddit.
I don’t know about you, but I enjoy spending more than $622 every month. Shit, I spent $97 on a Wagyu steak Friday night (unfortunately it wasn’t A5 grade, but it was still amazing).
Capitalistic society doesn't include public healthcare or public money. Capitalism is all about private ownership.I admit these terms aren't absolute in real world as no state is 100% capitalist or socialist, instead they are mix of socialist and capitalist ideas. Universal income is clearly on the socialist side. Its just fancy word for redistributing wealth.
On r/financeDoesn't understand how a welfare state operates.LOL.
Universal basic income, negative rates and QE infinity. Welcome to the new economy.
Of course that's the correct answer. Sit on a UBI for a long time and you'll figure that out. If they don't they likely would have just been a drain on society in other ways.
Redistributing wealth sounds like socialism to me.
I would think making more money than the bare minimum is something a lot of people want to do.
Buy krill?
Hasn't it basically failed everywhere it's been tested unless it has very strict requirements (i. e. Not universal)?
But what are a bunch of whales gonna do with universal basic income?
Why am I working?
That’s good they didn’t, IMO. I have a lot of Apple in my portfolio and I don’t want then to stray too far from their core competency.
I'm a little surprised Apple didn't go after MGM. They are the furthest behind in streaming and it would add a ton of classic content.
Ah yes the the great media and entertainment consolidation continues
If they get the film library, I’d think that’s huge (to be fair, I’m just some rando commenting on things I’m not qualified to comment on).
And Greece. Like, who do they think they're fooling? Lol
And the fact that Italy is on the list. Yeah right…
I'm surprised that Japan wasn't on the list. It actually makes me question the validity of the data.
Sorry man, that’s brutal
In Asia
Basically, which are the shittiest countries to attempt to enjoy your life.
TL:DR He lied about making the Cheetos but Fritos didn’t stop him
There is no date where Canada became a country. Even after confederation in 1867 only the British could update our constitution and our military served at the will of theirs. The closest you could choose is armistice day after WWI, but we still didn't the ability to amend our own constitution until 1982. We just very very very slowly gained things you would consider part of national sovereignty.
I like to check my sources and do due-diligence on any article I read/watch. This often upsets low-effort posters on reddit who do nothing but read headlines.
You are commenting on a comment about a post  linked to a website for statistics and data, where this post focuses on jobs data and is posted in r/finance... you might want to reassess who is the one that has a life, hater.
As a mexican, can confirm. 50-60 hour weeks are the norm.
Sadly it will not be a country anymore soon.
Where's japan?
Thank you for affirming Hong Kong is a country
In the 1950s it started being tracked in the US. Before that, they use the [UN National Accounts data](https://unstats.un.org/unsd/nationalaccount/data.asp). Which is basically just an estimate based on what historians feel is right.It's pretty shoddy work to even claim that you have the data, if you have to infer so much.
That hours worked vs productivity chart though 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
That's an interesting way to market. A tiny youtube channel with a website where you mirror your own video to make it more professional. But don't bother doing any research, just take data from [Our World in Data](https://ourworldindata.org/grapher/productivity-vs-annual-hours-worked) and slap a music track over a basic visualization.Good hustle advertising your youtube channel though guy.
This is interesting but I always do wonder, how are hours worked calculated across vastly different eras?
The single most useful thing about it is that it can be used to calculate implied volatility from observable market variables. This number is more meaningful than dollars for comparing the price of options at different maturities and strikes.If the Black Scholes model were perfect, implied volatility would be the same no matter the strike or the maturity. But it’s not. The market uses more sophisticated models which lead to the volatility smile and other quirks of a volatility surface, but the implied volatility is still measured using the Black Scholes model.TLDR: the model creates a universal language that practitioners use to compare their own models to.
most models today are based or influenced by the BSM since it was the first of its kind and people mainly use the base formula for baseline checks. So basiclaly there are many models out there to model options price and the BSM is used as a check within a certain +/- range to see if it looks right. So its still useful practically. Also no ones cracked the formula for pricing options. I think its also funny because I was taught to find implied volatility by working backwards from market price of options using the BSM, showing how useful BSM is again and how everyones still clueless
I think its funny that people know that the standard Black-Scholes is inherently flawed but since everyone uses it, people assume real prices become calibrated to a flawed value making the original formula “correct”.
It's a student loan.  Little Joseph is fucked.
Just wait until the Familial Reserve starts tapering and begins a regime of chore rate increases, inflate the debt away.
As long as they don’t get rid of Sunday
They could also declare bankruptcy and file chapter 11 reorganization, issue debt or equity  to repay this note, or claim that the rate is usury.
The joy of parenthood.
He didn't use his real name. "Joe" is not his legal name. Therefore this contract is voided and not binding.
Child labour at below poverty line wages 😂😂😂
Full name, AND the signature. Child’s full name too (security questions)
is it a non-recourse loan? Should just file bankruptcy. he can afford the 7 years of bad credit lol.
This is Reddit dude... you should blur out your last name.
The Sunday doesn't have a specific date, so he just has to do 3 chores before the end of time.
This isn’t a promissory note, it’s an employment contract. Don’t forget to make the proper tax withholdings.
Then your kid claims that the contract is null and void using infancy as a defense.
Thanks very much sir
Wow very interesting read. Thank you for posting.
You are joking right? In East there are crazy numbers of hours worked with very little to show for it
Coming from Japan, I can see why they wouldn’t make it, lol. If your salary is 300,000¥ a month for 120hrs of work, it looks great yea?Except it’s broken down like this:Base: 100,000¥Expected OT (55hrs): 200,000¥So what this means is that you can work your 30hrs a week, but that’s just getting you your base. Your company expects you to work an additional 55 hours of overtime each month. Now, if you work 1hr or 55hrs of OT, you’re making the same 200,000¥ no matter what. It’s only after hour 56 you’ll earn that one hour and every hour thereafter. But, if you just work that one hour the company will piss and moan about how you’re betraying and abusing their generous and kind payment structure.And everyone else will be pissed at your for slacking off. Except there’s just not enough to do in the month to work 70+ hrs of OT to make extra cash… So you just do… nothing. You can even sleep at your desk (inemuri, look it up). And processed become super long and convoluted just to stretch things out over hours. Meetings over nothing are rampant because everyone is just filling in their time card. It’s a huge waste of time and insanely inefficient, overall. Hell, my company ranked people each week based on how much OT they worked - it was broadcasted every week who worked the most (praised to the heavens) and who worked the least (me, lol, cuz I’m a filthy gaijin and fuck that noise). So while one or two Japanese companies might be efficient, the bulk are not. And I worked for a Tokyo company and it was bad. We *dreaded* dealing with a Kyoto branch or company because they’re usually even more traditional, more complex and more inefficient. I can’t speak for the rest of the country but these were my experiences or me, my friends and most of my peers.
This exactly. I have worked for a Japanese company for most of my career (I’m 11 years out of college). Fuckload of hours worked does not equate to high productivity.
I see comments from people who disagree with this because no East Asian country is on the list. Note however that this is productivity PER HOUR worked. Countries like Japan, Singapore or South Korea have longer working hours compared to the European or North American counterparts but they don’t necessarily produce more for the extra amount of hours worked.
Probably related to big tech being based there for tax purposes
Ireland’s gains here are probably more to do with their corporate tax policy than worker productivity.Ditto Australia’s mines out back.
Zero Asia/Pacific? I find that extremely unlikely.
Surprised to see no Asian Country in this.
Nintendo attacks their esports/streamers, and by far the worst online services.Nintendo appeals to markets outside of America, while still selling well inside America. That doesn't mean that everything they do is super innovative though.There are a lot of ways that Nintendo is behind on times, but the remain successful despite of those drawbacks.
you mean the company who is the only profitable console of all of 'em?I'd say Nintendo is one of the more innovative. I mean who would even think of Wii or Switch? Every other console makers are just beefing up their consoles, and here's Nintendo with crazy gizmos.&gt add up large sums of numbers by hand with calculators instead of using ExcelBut yeah I heard even hospitals still use fax - and that's how they did COVID triaging. I saw reports of cops with binoculars trying to catch cars not abiding by curfew rules set due to COVID (probably license number based).There's a term for this: the Galapagos-fication of Japan technology.
Explains Nintendo's business practices a bit more 😆
&gtJapan resists... ReformsSounds about right
Having worked in audit for companies with Japanese subsidiaries, this isn't surprising at all, Japan's business culture has some benefits (employee/employer loyalty,  dedicated employees that work hard, good technical / straightline innovation) but also tons of negatives (monoculture where employees don't want to make waves, causing lack of even minor changes to business practices).For example, in 2021 there are still Japanese companies that do tons of their accounting on paper, including having employees add up large sums of numbers by hand with calculators instead of using Excel. If this was being done and pretty much any other countries companies, you'd be laughed out of the building, with business culture is so resistant to change you still see stuff like this.
"Loses 550 million" of Market Cap.FTFY
I hate these types of headlines. The company’s market cap changing is not the same as the company “losing 550 million”
Chinese buy lots of Chinese tech. Probably the highest proportion in the world. You may mean things like baby milk, toilet seats, and diapers though.
Considering lots of high quality EVGA products are made in China, I think the differential is more cost/quality than incapacity. It isn't particularly difficult to make a quality GPU cooler, PSU, or Motherboard after all. Gigabyte's shitty explosive PSUs are coming from Taiwan right now, after all. The cheap ones.
They didn't lie lol 😂😂😂😂😂But the truth has a cost.
Hopefully it doesn't hurt them long-term. I've used Gigabyte motherboards on my last two PC builds and they have been rock-solid.
Perfect, I would also add that when you get paid to lend out your specific security (like a newly issued on the run T-note) it's also called being 'on special'. It's special because your repo rate is effectively negative and you are paid to get cash.
Treasury wants to run down it’s General Account at the Fed before debt ceiling nonsense in August, leaving even more excess deposits in the financial system than usual, which need yield. Fed doesn’t want negative o/n rates for plumbing stability, thus, RR facility activity + counterparty easing OP seems to think this portends crisis like 2008, but it doesn’t. There’s no big capital market shock to kick off the feedback loop of collateral and funding illiquidity, and even if there were the Fed now has an extremely robust firefighting framework (see last March)The repo leg thing was just me being a dick, but if you’re interested in some surface level stuff I wrote a comment beneath my OP going over it
That's kinda backwards. The problem is the banks don't want anymore cash, so if they're not willing to take on cash for assets from each other, the Fed steps in and borrows that cash from the banks.
I'll take "Stagflation" for 500, Alex
Can someone pls "describe the legs"? Why does OP believe this is significant and why is it not?
Again, my standing proposition for anyone who wants to talk money markets on this sub is that they must first accurately describe the actual legs of a repurchase agreement
That is fair. Not quite sure it is material either. Maybe best to say that repo market is probably one of the few that you can take or add 200B  of liquidity and not have a very clear material impact.
It does. The Fed has a lot of facilities, not all of them work together in concert. RRP just allows participants to lend cash to the fed at the Fed effective lower bound, although technically they could change it from the lower bound. If I remember, the biggest users in the past are Foreign CBs, who generally aren't interested in transacting repo with the market at any cost (credit risk, etc).
Please remember a lot of new investors came in to the market after the crash last year and haven’t really experienced anything remotely similar to a bear market. Stocks only go up is a meme for a reason.
Nothing abnormal here.  The bigger issue is like what we saw in 2018 when the regular repo rates spiked to I beleive around 9-10% if I recall correctly.  Fed is managing for now as needed.  I think people are waiting for a credit crisis to percipitate but we arent there yet.  The bigger worry should be what happens when inflation proves to be transient and long term inflation proves to be deflation.  The effects of COVID seem to be deflationary long term IMO.
Saying it’s a drop in the bucket is a little misleading. Based on the figures I’ve seen, $200bn is about 6% of the repo market ($3.5 trillion)
You mean starting a small business with low borrowing costs and less competition is a bad idea?  Perhaps you're not seeing the full picture either.
Question: A variable I watch changed and the market didn't respond as I predicted!Answer: The variable you are watching or the change that was made is not as impactful as you think it is.Go ahead and apply this to all future questions you have about this kind of thing
Your understanding of the US financial system needs a tune up. I recommend borrowing $400 billion for uni fees. Otherwise just make stuff up like the rest of Reddit.
It’s overnight.
You’ve got it.In simplest terms.. There’s too much debt, it will be defaulted by wither non-payment or currency devaluation.  One is more politically feasible.
Ook ook 🦍
Can someone ELI5?
&gtAsset price collapse is too terrifying to comprehend. No one wants to be holding the bag when the music stops, and the Fed has made it clear it’s time to devalue USD currency to default on unsustainable debt levels.So the Fed is just trying to keep the bubble going and going and going to delay the inevitable... Which seems like it will make the ultimate result far worse than it would be if they didn't intervene so substantially. Am I wrong? Is this view too simplistic?
Apetards represent!
We are everywhere.
Oooh oohh ahh ahh
GME holders from r/superstonk and other subs
Money has to be making more money. Money that sits still is wasted.
Lol wow y’all are in r/finance too? I thought I was the only one
moass is
You don't have to do a deep dive. Softbank reported a profit of $46bn (USD), which is almost entirely mark-ups of the investment portfolio. Of that, $24bn was in Coupang - which is a delivery/fulfillment/streaming company, similar to Amazon, in South Korea.Last year they had a full year net loss of about $10bn. Again, due to mark-downs in the investment portfolio.Saying Softbank had record "profits" is technically accurate but doesn't really capture what's going on. Their performance should be compared to a VC fund's performance, not that of an operating business.
"Is this a Steve Jobs megalomaniac, or a Jim Jones megalomaniac?"
This is exactly what you do in poker if you have more money than most of the players, upping the ante is a great comparison
Might be a good characteristic to grow the business fast. Not necessarily the right personality to run it when mature.
"Much of Vision Fund’s gain, however, is on paper with the value of the   portfolio locked up in the stock market amid concern over frothy   valuations and a boom in special purpose acquisition vehicles (SPACs)   which has drawn regulatory scrutiny. "   To be frank, Softbank has found a clever way of creating mammoth valuations.  By a stake when the value is low, buy again by increasing the value of the combined stake and repeat it.   This is kind of averaging up, but doing all by yourself with your billions.
This is completely false though. A terrible CEO can absolutely tank a potentially successful company despite a solid business model, especially one given as much power within an organization as Neumann.Part of why WeWork got so much investment in the first place was that it was actually a pretty smart business model. They figured out that there was a good amount of open floor space in buildings in Manhattan which were generally, 1) In OK locations (in terms of proximity to trains, being in parts of the city with good food options, etc), but not necessarily the most prime spots, and 2) were in need of modernization, but too expensive to modernize for most developers based on expected ROI. WeWork realized that people looking to rent small office spaces were generally less worried about being in the absolute most desirable parts of Manhattan, and also realized that they could achieve far higher total monthly rent by splitting that space up into smaller units than commercial developers (who really can’t target leases towards small startups, etc for the most part, as it doesn’t fit their building model). In short, this meant that WeWork figured out a way to generate a positive ROI on a subset of Manhattan buildings which no other developers had figured out a way to use. And because no one else had figured out how to use them, they got the space for cheap, and simply painted over it/did cheap renovations to make it look modern.Had WeWork just stayed in Manhattan a while, and expanded gradually, the idea might have worked. It tanked mostly because Neumann was obsessed with building a “global movement”. He allowed an absurd amount of overhead expense, expanded way too quickly (which meant the company was always dependent on getting more investment to stay afloat, but those new investors then expected growth, so the cycle continued), and moved into markets where they didn’t have the same sort of market advantage (i.e. being able to make money off buildings most others couldn’t) as they had in their earlier days in NYC.
&gtIf the business model was any good then they would have pulled it off regardless of CEOLmao, that's so incredibly naive. In the startup world, execution is just as important as an idea.
One of the main strategies seems to be using money as a competitive advantage. If a company has Softbank money, it can outspend and outlast the competition by operating at a loss for an indefinitely long time. If the market is truly winner-take-all this can work, at least sometimes.
I mean yes, but you almost never sell out of your equity positions unless it's to rebalance your portfolio. nothing would have changed to the "on paper" if they sold their winning stocks for something else. it's still just equity!
&gt is on paper with the value of the portfolio locked up in the stock marketyes... that is how profits from stocks work. Did the article expect a venture capital fund to sell their stocks?
Son changed the game in the VC space.  The VC bet is 1 in 10 companies get a 10x/20x return to cover the losses of the rest of the portolio.  What Son did is came in with much bigger checks to write meaning his companies could take a lot longer to take market share at greater losses.  The end result is his companies have scale the moment that they start making money their returns are much larger.Since Son came in the VC companies have all had to raise larger rounds to protect their investments against the incredibly well funded Softbank companies.Son took a huge risk with this, and I don't think he is quite vindicated but he did change the model - or rather took the model and added a ton of money and risk to the equation and forced the industry to ante up in a way...
A lot of megalomaniacs do succeed, it's not like Son was tricked by Neumann, he made a bet that Neumann was the type of megalomaniac that does everything to win as opposed to just having a giant ego. he lost that bet.
“Much of Vision Fund’s gain, however, is **on paper** with the value of the portfolio locked up in the stock market”
Could be accounting trickery?  I personally don't trust them.
It is, but most VCs have some sort of risk control. Son met Adam Neumann, who already was a megalomaniac, gave him $18.5 bln, and told him that he needs to go even bigger.
I mean, the big difference is that this company is willing to take risk, from my experience, Japanese companies are so risk averse it's not surprising.
Time to do a deep dive on that accounting
Yes, he throws all the shit at all the walls and sees what sticks. Eventually one Gem will outdo the damage the failed projects did!
That’s how venture capital works
Hasn't Son's success as an investor (outside the telecom business) always been more about hitting that one home run rather than choosing a healthy group of winners?
Even after wework mess
I read somewhere sometimes the talk of inflation causes inflation because the businesses continue to increase their prices in anticipation rather than based on increase in raw material prices.
It is when you are 14 and you bought doge 3 days ago
🤷‍♂️ I thought the discussion was about what was happening this week, not PLTR compared with SPY over the course of the year. 🤷‍♂️
Down 16% YTD and 46% from the top. SPY is up 10%. 🤷‍♂️
Yes and no. Yes, equities act as a hedge against inflation because inflation increases corporate income and thereby increases dividend yields.However, a lot of the value of equities are tied to the cash reserves that many big companies have stashed away during this unprecedented expansion as well as rampant speculation due to excess capital flowing throughout the economy which is completely unlinked to corporate income/profits.
^^^ This right here. Trickle up economics hate inflation in the short term but love it long term since it’s one of the pillars of our economy.
..which is funny because equities are one of many ways to hedge inflation
The wheel of explanation landed on inflation
Definitely. Asset classes are all in competition
Would there also be an element of interest rates or treasury rates being higher and thus comparatively become a better investment option vs stocks?
For most of us yes, for those who are overleveraged in tech and things like ARKK, PLTR and TSLA, this week might hurt.
imagine actually having this take lmao
Pretty much. Especially with the current insane valuations, there’s something to be worried about when any changes happen to the current projection.
Inflation will lead the Fed to raise interest rates, which raise the cost of capital for companies, which means you’re discounting future earnings more
TFW 1.5% is a tumble.
Inflation raises commodity prices, interest costs, and labor costs. All of which eat into profits. At the same time the consumer will be pinched and have less disposable income.
It might also slow down production, as commodities cost more.  And wages lag, so not as much spending.
Stupid question but wouldn’t inflation cause asset prices to increase? Because the “real” price would then be undervalued if it didn’t increase to match inflation?
Back to where we were 6 days ago. Such a tumble.
Ok it could be that too.
Why the hell would someone post such an old article without some sort of relevant commentary as to why they're posting it now...
The figures right away didn’t make sense. The flights I have been on recently have been pretty packed, far and above 23 passengers per flight.
How often is the US going to bail out the industry? September 11th, the 2008 downturn, and now coronavirus have resulted in 3 massive bailouts in recent memory. I believe this last one was more than $600,000 per employee.  They release their own ridiculous "studies" saying that you're more likely to get struck by lightning than catch COVID during a flight. Public data that other countries release show that it is spread far more frequently than acknowledged. The airlines actively oppose COVID contact tracing on domestic flights and have lobbied hard to make sure it isn't happening. The airline business is horrible.
hear me out - one would think that air travel would be heavily dependent on economic conditions. In a downturn, less people are spending money on vacations and less businesses are paying people to travel. Now, we would then think that airlines, after having seen several down turns, would stockpile some cash to survive the bad times. It's what the cruise industry does. But no, they spent all their profits on share buy backs. Frankly, they made their bed, now they can lie in it.
This article is massively dated. But I totally understand skepticism to the rebound in airlines.The industry is heavily debt burdened after the pandemic, which will take decades to pay back and represent a structural impediment to equity value appreciation.With the return of leisure travelers, airlines will return flight capacity to the system, but the demand is still not going to be up to historical levels (primarily because of less M-Th business travel) which will trigger fare wars during off peak periods to the detriment of overall profitability. You can’t run full business travel M-Th from LA to NY then full leisure travel F-Su, now you have to run half empty M-Th in order to hold the route (you can’t just run on weekends if you want to retain your slot at an airport and route access). That’s not a good structure for profit.Airlines also have to rethink how they make money - in recent history, leisure travel has simply been a way to offset cost for the majors and the major airlines make money primarily from (a) business travelers indifferent to cost, (b) close-in bookings made week-of, and (c) premium class bookings. Without (a), they’ll need to juice more out of (b) and (c), and likely also make more off of standard leisure fares. Whether that can make up for price indifferent business travelers remains to be seen...Some low cost carriers had a different business model which was contingent on making money from ancillary fees, where the headline ticket was priced to cost or lower and the profit came from baggage fees, upgrades, cross-sell, snacks, etc. this business model is still viable, and they were always less reliant on business travel. That said, they will still face challenges from fare competition as capacity returns to the system.International travel still isn’t back and likely will take longer to recover.The industry has had historical issues with bankruptcy and is more debt burdened than ever before.
A bit of fearmongering here, in my opinion.
Articles from May 10, 2020
I couldn't agree more here. Even picking on the iRobot example, the company reports Total robot units shipped (in thousands) and Average gross selling prices for robot units on [page 18](https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1159167/000115916721000023/irbt-20210403.htm) of their most recent 10-Q. This table isn't picked up on the company's XBRL financials and is really critical information to understanding the company's story and their financial performance (e.g. are they selling more robots? more expensive robots?). Even looking on their investor relations website, they have a [walk on page 4](https://investor.irobot.com/static-files/1ab37d77-ce88-4ee9-b596-b647733abcef) that provides the detail on mopping and vaccuum devices. I would be really cautious about using a tool that inputs a static revenue growth rate without a ton of thought behind it. The same would hold true for the other line items. For example, employee costs could vary (as the company reports [here](https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1159167/000114036121012472/nc10021626x1_def14a.htm#a_035) in their proxy statement) and I would certainly want to adjust the historical expenditures for stock-based compensation before making a forecast (since the cost of the issuances can vary based on the market environment), which would also be captured on [page 20](https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1159167/000115916721000023/irbt-20210403.htm) in their most recent 10-Q.
perhaps this will be an unpopular opinion, but I’m of the view that automating a dcf as you’ve done is a bit disingenuous to the point of making one. I’ll explain and hopefully can field some responses. I feel like dcfs have become commoditized in finance, and people feel like doing one means that they have a definitive answer or range of answers that proves their point (ie. a lot of confirmation bias goes into it). I’m sure we could get into a whole discussion on the biases involved in forecasting financials for a business you’re buying, but the point is that doing a dcf just to determine an exact/approximate intrinsic value is a bit of hard to justifywhere I see dcfs helping an investor is in the actual forecasting of value drivers - which in some cases seems to be a “let’s slap on an x% growth rate on revenue and see what happens”. maybe I’m jaded by investment banking, but this seems to reduce the amount of critical thinking and due diligence that goes into the valuation process.when I was learning how to build a dcf, the most important thing I took from it was how to build up from unit economics into revenue (ie. forecasting # of users, retention, acquisition costs, ARPUs for a SaaS business). perhaps having a something like this could help (maybe at the consequence of reducing the amount of automation). another thing that could be really useful is looking at this from an opposite perspective if the tool can backwards engineer the value assumptions the market is pricing in (ie. whats the implied revenue growth rate on a 5yr period if the market is pricing $100/sh). this is a great little back of the envelope method to see what’s assumed and where the market could be wrong, which ties back into the point that the actual intrinsic value doesn’t matter if the market will never get there.sorry if came across too harsh - just some views I had and very open to discussing!
back to /r/wallstreetbets with ye
Back to where the price was four days ago
I also find it strange that it's trading at a 15 p/e for such a recognizable brand. Do people think that chinese competitors will unseat them?
This is super interesting. I noticed you have AU equities listed, but not NZ. Maybe something to consider (definitely not biased because I live here 😂). Cool project!
$0. Because it is has no intrinsic value as it does not produce cash flows unlike a company or real estate etc.Although you could argue it has relative pricing (i.e supply and demand).
I mean that’s par for the course for big industry. Look at the alcoholic seltzer market. First big beer fought it hard, tried to lobby to legislate it out of the convenience store and into the liquor store, and then they started making their own version and paying to have it shelved above the white claws. I think the nicotine vaporizer market has a very similar story, and probably more relevant to this conversation.
They're the ones who stifled it, who better to help it rise... I guess?
Kenneth Dart lol. Fucken right bud.
In Canada we call them darts too
vulture capital
Well but I think in the case of dart is kinda true... even though he owns 25% of the caymans no one saw him there ... his life is really interesting look it up :D
That’s probably true, I know Marlboro is ready to send out packs of joints when it’s federally legal
"Secretive" has got to be the most overused word in financial journalism.  What do they expect him to do - post his trades on social media?
Aussies know a thing or two about a smoke break&gt&gthttps://youtu.be/j58V2vC9EPc
Huh? You are way off here. Edibles make up a small percentage of consumption in even the most mature recreational markets.Dry flower burning and concentrates/vaping are king.
Delta 11 v delta 9. Not the same. Edible high way more profound, live in Cali smoking semi legal weed since '96 edibles do not dominate our market
Have you ever ingested weed? It’s completely different and IMO not going to be the way that most people are going to consume it. That’s fucking crazy.
This is amusing for Aussies, as we often call cigarettes darts.
Ya you might be right, Big Tobaccos distribution Channels can be really useful for Cannabis
They also were up to some pretty shady business with Greensill. In an ironic twist, when people start going down for fraud over that, Softbank's demonstrated silliness in other investments may save them under the not-well-known but quite useful "we're literally too dumb to have known this was fraud" defense.
SoftBank is essentially ARK on steroids: just buy as much hype-y vaguely tech-related stuff as you can afford, and hope for the best.
This is clearly a puff piece by Wired to try to save Softbank's reputation. Apart from massively increasing valuations and crowding out other investors, Softbank hasn't done much except lose so much money on WeWork (which wasn't even a technology company, but a real estate one) that it's having to sell it's most valuable asset, ARM, for over $40 Billion just to get liquidity.Almost all the rest of their investments were made at such high valuations when the market was much hotter that they will never bear fruit. Softbank's days are through. This is a last ditch effort to save a vision that already failed through Softbank's bet on WeWork.
Maybe his 20 year plan is to find the key to immortality
does anyone have a transcript of the 2010 speech? "what makes you happy, what makes you sad" is a hellava intro
I still recall how Matayoshi Son won iPhone exclusivity due to his pitch to Steve Jobs ([source](https://appleinsider.com/articles/14/03/13/softbanks-masayoshi-son-pitched-apple-cellphone-to-steve-jobs-two-years-before-iphone-debut)). This ultimately led to the Vodaphone buyout and rebranding, Sprint, Yahoo! Japan, and having a stake in Alibaba.&gt "I brought my little drawing of [an] iPod with mobile capabilities," Son said. "I gave [Jobs] my drawing, and Steve says, 'Masa, you don't give me your drawing. I have my own," Son said. "I said, 'Well, I don't need to give you my dirty paper, but once you have your product, give me for Japan.' He said, 'Well, Masa, you are crazy. We have not talked to anybody, but you came to see me as the first guy. I give to you.'"&gtBefore leaving, Son proposed that Jobs put down the exclusivity agreement in writing, but at that point the iPhone project was still a secret. Jobs also reminded Son that he did not yet own a mobile phone carrier in Japan.&gt”I said, 'Look, Steve, you gave me your word, I bring a carrier for Japan.' And I did," Son said.
Rajeev Misra is a pervert and Masa Son has a 300 year plan because he can't really dissect and understand financial statements.  It's all 'long-term vision'.[https://www.wsj.com/articles/softbanks-rajeev-misra-used-campaign-of-sabotage-to-hobble-internal-rivals-11582743294](https://www.wsj.com/articles/softbanks-rajeev-misra-used-campaign-of-sabotage-to-hobble-internal-rivals-11582743294)
Can’t equate Robinhood to Schwab  &amp Ameritrade. Completely different model.
Lol yeah never going to happen. I’m a broker. We have been struggling to keep up with demand for all the new retail investing all due to eliminating commissions in the industry. You make this ban and it will kill the industry. Commissions will come back and lay offs will follow as all that new money disappears.
RH is absolutely not a fiduciary. They are a broker and brokers are held to the standard of suitability. A financial advisor or investment manager is held to the standards of a fiduciary, broker dealers are absolutely not (and nor should they be).
This was very helpful. Thank you for having the first explanation of swaps that I was able to comprehend.
Seriously, how many of these kiddos on RH would actually open an ETrade or Fidelity account if fees across the discount brokerage industry went back to 8$/trade or w/e they were.
&gtRobinhood mislead customers by claiming to offer “free” trades (no commissions) but not explaining that they were selling their order flow and that customers could or would pay more for a stock than if they’d purchased it elsewhere and paid a commissionIt's not misleading or their obligation to say so. They offer best execution via their connectivity to the market (via selling order flow instead of being the direct broker). This is like saying facebook misleads customers for giving them a free account and not telling them it's paid for by advertising revenues.
this already was sorta the case, but banks couldn't resist the huge fees that archegos was willing to pay on transactions.in fact, gs rejected their business several times, but gave in for fear of losing out on txn fees when other firms gladly took on archegos' business.
There’s no reporting requirements if you don’t actually hold the asset. So they got swaps to benefit from price movements but had no underlying ownership of the asset.
What I don't understand is how Archegos managed to hide its positions through swaps. Can someone please explain?
That's because all Robinhood accounts are margin accounts by default.  This allows users to trade using funds they have deposited into the Robinhood account before they actually post from your bank.  It also allows users to trade funds from a previous stock sale before the trade has settled (which can take 2-3 days).  So Robinhood had tons of users trading this stock on margin and more collateral was needed.  It took them time to come up with the cash for collateral.  They are not allowed to use client funds as collateral, it's a law.
That has nothing to do with why GME blew up.
But I like my free trades y’all...
That and they also offer a bunch of other financial services. They essentially morphed into banks, these days the trading aspect is basically used to attract customers.
Some would argue that besides war, money is the only opposition there ever is!
This is the equivalent of banning Amazon prime because people are getting their packages too quickly.
Robinhood makes money by using POF. The user buys/sells securities at a chosen price, but Robinhood doesn't then buy those on the open market. They route them through Citadel, who essentially issues an IOU to the user until they determine a more favorable price point for the purchase. You get the security at the price you bid, and Robinhood/Citadel make a few cents or even fractions of a penny on each buy/sell order.
I’ve never heard money described as “opposition” before.
&gt At the end of the day though, 0 fees is good. Banning this is going to remove more people out of the market (and now that many retail users _are_ using brokerages) expect to see a lot of people pissed once they have to pay per transaction.We have 0 fee trading in Sweden too, despite a ban on order flow selling.
Please be aware if you are a small balance trader, you are going right back to 8 dollar order fees for stocks that aren’t worth that much per share or a flat % of every trade. Selling order flow was allowing retail traders to trade for free by selling their data, like pretty much every app you use does, instead of charging per transaction. Maybe the legislation has language for protecting the average investor, but it’s US Congress, so they probably don’t even know what order flow is and this is being written by a lobbyist for Schwab or Vanguard to kneecap the competition.Congress thrives off of an uninformed population, and boy has GME flooded the market with people who don’t have a clue but feel like they need protection. Some science fiction shit
It should be noted that almost all other first world markets have banned payment for order flow.You can bitch about HFT/ market makers all you want but atleast on the exchanges they have skin in the game in the form of market exposure, internalizer's move flow off exchange and have very little actual risk.  When i worked for one we considered it almost free money, though we were very early in the game compared to most of the existing funds that do it now:)
Exactly buy/sell of equities should be the gateway freemium product these days.
They would make money through the multitude of other revenue streams available to retail brokers:- b/a spread- margin interest- OTC gain (taking other side of trade)- securities lending- stock loans- free credit balance (this is how Schwab makes most of their revenue)- advisory services- robo investing- ETF fees
Honestly the issue is transparency. What is being shared, how is it being used, how are the HF traders making money etc. The centralization of HF traders is something we should be questioning. At the end of the day though, 0 fees is good. Banning this is going to remove more people out of the market (and now that many retail users \_are\_ using brokerages) expect to see a lot of people pissed once they have to pay per transaction.
Payment for order flow is something that happens between brokerage firms &amp high frequency market making firms. Which most often results in the price of a customer’s order fill being improved. i.e. You offer to buy at $10/share &amp your order is filled at $9.98/share. Payment for order flow is beneficial for retail customers &amp their brokerage firm. Payment for order flow is NOT a customer getting their order filled for a higher price than the price they enter as their offer.
I mean how would a brokerage make money. They went to zero commissions. Either bring back commissions or have payment for order flow. Brokerages arent charities
I would disagree, is it not market makers paying brokers for their orders in order to get liquidity? How the brokers decide to pass on (or not) the saving is not the definition of order flow just a consequenceEdit: edit, also what you describe ‘charging more than the share is worth’ is nothing fishy, that’s just a broker setting a bid/ask spread as they take risk in providing you this liquidity
Market makers can pay brokers to have the orders directed to them. For the market makers this is good because it gives them liquidity, for the brokers this is good because they save execution costs and can either charge clients less or pocket the larger spread.
What is Order Flow, precious?
Emphasis on “considering”. I’d be willing to wager there’s a significant amount of opposition to this from... _somewhere_
If they follow through, this would be the final nail in the coffin of Robinhood's entire business model. So much for an IPO 😂
What's happening isn't surprising, but what you're implying is just silly. It's like saying you would expect Messi to turn average after a good season.
