That Tesla should have a pretty good video of the whole incident.
If it was just retargeting, like 0.01 second stun, Tesla would probably become the first legendary building.
give tesla a .5 second stun and you’ll see why it doesn’t stun, there would be no reason to ever use any other building ever
Sentry mode is one of those quirks and features that Tesla does so well.
Too bad he missed his full flex opportunity, driving up in his Tesla semi, and jumping out to deliver it in person.
Nice, Elon came through again. He makes big promises but he delivers on quite a lot of them. His SpaceX rockets gave the West an alternative to Russian rocketry and the solar/battery side of Tesla reduces reliance on fossil fuels.Say what you like about Elon but he’s been doing his part to undermine Russia. All that’s left is for him to call Putin a pedo on Twitter. Use those slandering powers for good and not evil.
Imagine if Tesla locked/shut off all 10 of the Tesla cars in Russia
Tesla if we’re talking brands, but JDM fanboys are pretty hardcore too
Easily Tesla
Tesla was almost shorted to bankruptcy literally ...... I do believe Elon wants revenge. although many people don't like him ...... his revenge will benefit us regardless what his beliefs are. &amp#x200BApes Strong Together
The movie pretty much took out anything that made TCM unique and turned it into a typical slasher/Halloween clone. There were a couple decent kills, and the acting actually wasn't bad, but the writing and overall direction is very amateur IMO.I had a feeling at the beginning, when they were at a gas station in the middle of nowhere getting gas in a poorly rebranded tesla, that attention to detail was not going to be present.
Bought Tesla at $1100 on margin. Bro.
I'd like to be the vice chairman of Tesla also. I'm no Super Genius but what the hell?
&gtTitanReach's lead developer allegedly used investment funds to gamble on crypto and buy a Tesla.&gt..and diving into a long digression about the NFT integration he was hoping to include with the gameWhat a scumbag!
Worth noting:&gt Previous securities filings show that Musk sold Tesla shares worth over $16 billion in the final two months of 2021, with most of the proceeds going to pay an estimated **$11 billion US federal tax bill**. &gt Donated shares are not subject to capital gains tax and their value could be used as a **deduction to help offset the tax bill**.
Why does it have to be a Tesla? If it's an electric car she needs, or a hybrid, then there are definitely cheaper options. A big car is usually a family expense, but you're already paying one off. And her desire to have luxury brands isn't a good enough reason to go into debt or financial hardship. NTA.
An interesting observation from a person who enjoyed Tesla’s stock back in the day:When that shit popped off, there weren’t zombie stocks. There wasn’t extreme short interest (because the float is so huge - over 800 million shares today). It was correlating with spy/qqq and had a very high beta. It acted like a normal stock with a substantial chunk of short interest. Also tesla was legit potentially going out of business before they resolved model 3 issues. There was a viable reason for a legit bearish bet. Gme is wildly different. There’s an entire graveyard of dancing dead companies, live ones that are correlating for no reason, and extremely odd period where Gme went extreme negative beta, a tiny free float, and it isn’t going out of business.
&gt or got weird sensations if they moved their heads.Fun fact, as an MRI tech who works with 1.5 tesla and 3 tesla scanners, : When we're cleaning the inside the 3 T scanner some of us have to be careful not to turn our heads when we put our head in and out of the scanner. This is because the magnetic field affects the fluid in your inner ear so you can get extremely disoriented and collapse if you turn your head while you pull your head out of the scanner.
The Tesla was like: "tag, you're it" and then went and hid behind the wall
12 mph in a dark parking complex is faster than most of these people realize. Shit comes out of nowhere as we saw in the video.  I didn’t see any posted stop signs so I could see this being the complexes fault.  But I’m assuming the Tesla driver ran a stop sign we couldn’t see
So Tesla didn’t change their hostile working environment when a former employee sued them and Tesla lost? $$$$https://www.bbc.com/news/business-58807212
The guy who died in the Tesla crash lives on in spirit, vigilantly defending your setup from gremlins
It's a new thing, and it requires you to confirm that you are the passenger before it loads.  Tesla also recently activated an in-cabin camera to ensure the driver is paying attention to the road so the whole story is kind of FUD at this point.
Here’s the reality of this play. If you read this of any other company, other subs would be saying it’s the next Tesla play. But since it’s GME, it’s basically a banned topic. Bullish is an understatement here.
&gtThis sub grew to what it is today fighting rich billionairs who steal from the little guy but why let Tesla do that to their consumers?Before Covid19, this sub was a bunch of somewhat smart but odd doofuses who played options on various companies and often had legitimate DD to back it up.   I'm talking about fairly thoughtful ideas, not just stupid rocketship emoji and bananas.   The place was a lot smaller too.  I remember when we hit 1.7m subs.  It was a pretty big deal and it already felt like it was getting kind of crowded.After Covid19, we got naive and/or brainwashed normies who wanted to 'fight the power' and 'hold the line' against elites mixed with others who saw everything as a potential short squeeze.  Lazy money because it was so easy.  These people pushed out many of the regulars, some who actually knew their stuff and contributed quality DD and reasonable potential plays.So I'm not sure that this sub growing beyond what it was could ever really be considered a positive.  Plus it put this place on the map it was quiet and relatively unknown to most.  I caught the tail end of that, but I still miss it.I'm all for ethical trading.  I don't play TSLA (and a few other major companies) for my own reasons.  But I think most here really simply want to make money, even if long term those plays really harm them or their society.  For most it's entirely about the short term for the self, Not the long term for the community.  This is how most major corporations seem to play it as well.  As a result, I don't think you're going to get much traction here, even if I applaud you for taking a step back and looking at the bigger picture on what and who you are funding.
Yea it’s called a Tesla
He is saying, Tesla doesn't need the credit to sell cars. Obviously true since they are selling everything they make. From a consumer point of view, he was saying that subsidies are pushing the US govt into more and more debt, so he is against it for all industries not just electric.I think he made some fair points, but these credits should be seen as an incentive to push people to electric rather than a subsidy. I think anything that pushes more electric over ICE is good. Govt. spending is a complex topic but I'd rather the spending was focused on infra than on the military. By this I mean the defense focused private companies that get contracts worth trillions of dollars.
Tesla doesn’t need it, but ReallyFastTyper does!
The problem with games as a service is that they don't offer any value to the consumer. They are designed for generating profit for the company. Which is the exact opposite of what you need to do in order to not piss off your player base, crater the reputation of intellectual property, and reduce your chances of making more money down the line.Every single games as a service model operates like legacy auto and they need to act like Tesla. Which is to eat losses for the first year or two to establish the "factory" that builds the machine. In the case of a game like Halo, that means content. Not cosmetic content, but game content. Instead of a single campaign, have a half a dozen story lines across different types of races, maybe even different points in time, with an overarching narrative of decisions made back then all coming together to have to events transpiring today. Multiplayer should focus on more than just Spartans. It's always Spartans. Always. What about Brutes? Elites? They're major factions. What about their histories and stories? Why not a colloseum style fighting for the Elites, and the same way for the Brutes? They all have different types of costumes too, tons of opportunities there for making $ as well as to flesh out the universe and lore. Then eventually bringing it all together where you have a 3-faction MP match gametype: Brutes vs Spartans vs Elites, just like in the books and extended universe graphics novels.The **BIG PROBLEM WITH GAMES AS A SERVICE** is that everyone wants that Fortnite money, that lucrative $200M/quarter. But nobody wants to recognize that Fornite floundered for years. It wanted to be this campy, invasion style, co-op base building game and nobody really wanted it. Everyone was hooked on PUBG. Epic realized that they do have the same opportunity as a Battle Royale as PUBG but go one step further by bridging that innovation gap by mixing the campy and colorful style of the original game with PUBG style combat + the base building adding an element of dynamic generation, trapping, and vertically that was unmatched. It was fresh, it was free, it ran incredibly well, it was colorful and exciting, and it was above all else fun. Then Epic realized "shit, we could go out and make partnerships with other franchises and bring their characters in, because this game **IS** campy. So they did. Rick and Morty, Naruto, John Wick, friggin' Thanos, all are common in Fortnite and they fit the theme of the game.*Now*, Forntite makes mad money. More money than Epic knows what to do with. But for *years*, it burned a giant hole in their pocket and they were never sure if they should have closed down the servers and called it's quit or not. Every *big* money maker suffers from years of losses before they breakout and take off. But modern equivalents don't wanna do that. They want that capital generation from launch day. And doing that burns your audience. Halo Infinite is Microsoft deciding "fuck waiting for the Goose to hatch an egg of gold, imma carve that bitch up and get all my gold all at once." But the magic isn't in the Goose, the magic *is the Goose.* As long as it lives and takes it's time, it'll always produce an egg of gold.A Halo MP game launched without things the franchise has had for 17 years, and in the recent communique with the community, the devs and PR guy are like "it's hard guys, our shit is too complicated, we're not sure we can do it. Also servers cost money, do you not have jobs?"***WORSE,*** the campaign launches in 2 days and doesn't have co-op and won't have co-op for another 5.5 months. This is Don Matrick levels of XB1 launch tone deaf fuck up. With. Their. Brand. Associated. Franchise.# HOLY FUCK.
Egiant will be insane as they just nerfed a good number of its best counters (tesla, cage and the spawners).
Tesla is selling everything except Cybertruck and Roadster.
Only Tesla owners can hear it
Tesla hail new car submarine test a complete success
Yes, teslas are made as cheaply as possible.  People confuse cool tech features for quality when it comes to Tesla.
Ok, so the Tesla didn’t recognize a camel, but did the fucking driver recognize it?! Cuz DAMN 😳
But Tesla makes a really driveable Sudan. (I bet you're Ghana remember that joke).
Tesla. If you work as a production worker at Tesla or as a parts runner you are literally a modern day slave. 12 hr shifts plus most of the workers come from over an hour away. People are literally sleeping AT work because it's pointless to go home, get 6 hrs of sleep and come back. Some even brought their own RVs and Campers to sleep on their several parking lots so they wouldn't have to drive homeThey have adhesive that's stronger than a weld that they don't give workers the proper PPE to handle and it supposedly seeps into gloves and is toxic to the skin. They hardly ever properly sanitize the stations that use a lot of it too. A worker had to have his stomach pumped because he got some on his face mask accidentally and was breathing it in for an undetermined amount of time.They also give all factory vehicles the right of way. Which I have never heard of in any other warehouse I've worked. Several workers have been injured by overworked and tired forklift drivers and have been denied workers compensation. The ones who are permanently injured and actually won a case are sitting at home collecting checks from Tesla to this day. Fuck their NDA.
Lol I'm currently working that same job for a few weeks nowDoing the night shift tho so it's 23 an hour. The check is the only thing keeping me coming back.Can confirm theyre very strict on time. Yet where I work we aren't even allowed to leave when the shift ends cause you have to wait for the next shift to arrive which can be an extra 20-30min. Show up literally a minute late and you can get some dumb ass points on your record. Get too many and you're fired. But what's funny is they're supposed to fire you at 6 points yet I knew guys with 26 or even near 100. Yet they're not fired cause they're such good workers and the manager doesn't want to lose them. Just likes constantly threatening them with "I could fire you any second I want" It sucks that this has all still felt like a massive move up from my last few jobs making 15-18 an hour. And atleast tesla offers a lot of food options.
Fun (not so fun) fact..&gt A study commissioned by Tesla workers and released in 2017 said data from California’s worker-safety agency showed recorded injuries at the Fremont plant were 31% higher than the average auto factory.[Source.](https://worksafe.org/file_download/inline/4a083614-a57b-4177-b14f-48a8b2b2fb3d)*Thirty percent*. That is an incredibly non-negligible value. Absolutely insane.
Lots of comments making it out to be a biased attack towards Tesla but neglect to mention the "union-made" part which is core to this, and the main reason Tesla doesn't qualify.  If Elon wants in on this, he just has to let his employees unionize.
Answer: What's going on is the EV credits in the Biden infrastructure bill are targeted to USA-made, union-made vehicles. This means for one, Canada is not happy, but also Elon because Tesla employees are not unionized.
Going through this now. I had a little dent that looked like it could easily pop out. Nope, needs a whole new fender, and only a "Tesla approved" shop will even look at it.
Aside from only certain body shops being Tesla approved/certified. Parts are expensive and aren't widely available so it takes much longer than with other manufacturers.MKBHD explains his experience getting his fixed[MKBHD Tesla Repair](https://youtu.be/YFtxYb-GN9k)
Tesla qc is shit.  My model 3 has been perfect for 2.5 years, not one single issue, I’ve only taken it to service once for a complementary tire rotation. My brother in law had to take his Model 3 to service 11 times over the first couple months of ownership over constant problems, even after things settled in has had problems probably every 4-6 months, and is exploring lemon laws because Tesla refuses to address anything.
[Tesla will always refute articles that are misleading &amp point out if there is someone with a pattern of doing so. Many fit this description, but Consumer Reports is always fair &amp accurate in their criticism.](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1001954916569579520) - Elon Musk
I do insurance, Tesla are a nightmare for Body repairs in a wreck
I was made aware of this several years ago because of Rich Rebuilds YouTube videos. Virtually nothing has changed.This video from a car detailer sums up the body/interior problems[Tesla Quality control](https://twitter.com/indigogloves/status/1447377058762530816?t=ISSuSosd6HFoG7D_KkA7uA&amps=19)
It’s not that there’s a higher emphasis placed on build quality in EVs. It’s that Tesla bills itself as a luxury brand, so people expect luxury quality. But that’s been delivered could be considered on par with something made by Fisher-Price.Cars are more than just their powertrain, and honestly the powertrain is the least important thing to most consumers. Just look at the existence of Dodge and their inability to design a functional transmission, or Nissan’s propensity for engine oil leaks. Tesla powertrains are well designed, there’s a reason they’re the go-to for electric swaps in the aftermarket whoever Tesla paid for “Elon’s original ideas” ideas did a good job. But the issues are glaring. Like, for example, the tablet. Tesla looked at all the dials and switches and levers that every other car brand uses to great success and said “What if we used this new thing no one else has done before and has more kinks in it than a sex dungeon?” The tablet is an interesting idea, but it’s not a good one. The levers and dials and switches work because they’re tactile and intuitive, you can use them without looking which is important when you’re driving. Tablets aren’t tactile, there’s no frame of reference on a smooth pane of glass. I remember my uncle telling me about the early days of smart phones when all the mid-level office management guys were selecting their company provided cell phones and most of them chose BlackBerrys because the physical keyboard made it easier to type emails while driving. The tablet looks great for a sci-fi set piece, but don’t do well as  an actual consumer vehicle. So even if it was built well, it’d still be a problem
Beneil “Where’s My Fucking Tesla, Elon!!!” Darisuh.
how to uninstall Schlongs of Skyrim on Tesla Brainchip 4
tesla figured out how to make a great electric car 10 years ago, and had 10 years to figure out how to make a production line of cars before other car manufactures learned how to make an electric car, it seems they didn't learn how to do it
Given how many Tesla owners seem to be okay with poor reliability, why would Tesla bother making them more reliable?
I remember they were near the top at the beginning The Tesla Stan army doesn’t care tho. I have a friend that paid $88,000 CAD for a model three dual motor and and then 8 grand for self driving that isn’t operational and most likely never will be and it could crash and burn and kill his family and he’d thank Musk somehow. It’s insane how much Tesla fans work the pipe.
Tesla Cybertruck. Pray for me.
I’ve long viewed Tesla as a pioneer and vision led company, but the car manufacturers have a lot of experience under their belt and didn’t get there because they’re bad at it. It’ll be interesting to see the next 15-20 years, when other company transition over, to see if Tesla is still competitive.
and Disney, Google, Blizzard, Tesla, Apple.......
Looks like Tesla side cam, so at least 4 POV while driving. Hope they send the clip to the DOT and get that dude a fine at least and hopefully his licence pulled.
It's only for a single year, but it could potentially save millions from starvation. Unfortunately it doesn't "solve" world hunger, just alleviates it for a bit. Might still be worth it if all it means is a 2% drop in Tesla stock prices...
Putting aside whether Musk should sell Tesla stock and donate the proceeds, isn't 6B something that UN should already have access to by asking a few of the richer member countries that has a yearly budget of trillions of dollar?
Here in Europe Tesla is opening up it’s network for everyone. Tesla or no Tesla.
Answer: Tesla stock skyrocketed up another 40% in October, making it up about 400% this year and up about 2000% from where it was 3 years ago.Elon decided to sell a significant amount of his own stock in Tesla, which usually causes a stock to go down. If Elon sells his own Tesla stock, it implies he thinks Tesla is overvalued.So fans of Elon (or Tesla stock holders) speculated that he doesn't really think Tesla is overvalued, but rather needed to sell stock in his own company to pay his taxes. Progressive politicians like Bernie Sanders and AOC are constantly saying billionaires should have to pay their taxes. It's a near daily thing. But this time, Elon took the opportunity to mock Bernie for saying he should have to pay taxes. Which encouraged Elon's fans to believe the Tesla sale really was about taxes, and not because Elon believes Tesla stock is overvalued.The stock has since fallen 17%.
Anyone else feel like Elon is just using Bernie as an excuse to pull out as much cash out of the Tesla stock without freaking too many people out because he knows it's over valued?
Iv bought Tesla calls one time in my life and literally the same day he tweeted “Tesla stock too high IMO” never again will I take that gamble
its not a bs excuse, look at how options work for execshe has options expiring. unless he has billions in cash on hand he HAS to sell to meet his tax burdenand yeah. tesla is overvalued. its been objectively overvalued even before its runup. so good luck timing your short/put position properly.
Elon Musk is an asshole. He isn’t a hero. He isn’t self-made. He isn’t even a founder. Dude paid off the guys who founded Tesla so he could falsely call himself the founder.Just another narcissistic fraud.https://twitter.com/TheRealHoarse/status/1459950192317378564
Elon will own more shares of Tesla in 90 days than he did before this sell off.
Jesus Christ what a fucking asshole. I plan on buying a hybrid or electric car for my next vehicle purchase but it sure as hell won’t be a Tesla.
I'm debating if it would've been funnier without the log part at the end. Just watching the lady get ran over unexpectedly in Tesla view was already funny enough.
Tesla died of coronary thrombosis
It is borderline unhealthy how often I think about how different our world would be if Edison wasn't such a shit.Reading his biography made from his notes is heartbreaking too, because he's genuinely excited each time at the prospect of partnering for the greater good of humanity. Then gets fucked over.We didn't deserve Tesla.
Tesla, Oscar Wilde, and Sherlock Holmes walk into a bar.The punchline of this joke was patented and then hidden by Thomas Edison.
On 7 January 1943, at the age of 86, Tesla died alone in Room 3327 of the Hotel New Yorker. Tesla's letter was not publicized so its still unknown if it was real.
Elon Musk wanted to involve his followers to give the illusion that he was acting on their advice, when in reality, he was obliged to sell Tesla shares in order to get cash to buy the options that expire in 2022.These options allow him to buy 22.8 million Tesla shares at $6.24 per share. Given Tesla's current share price of over $1,000, it's an understatement to say that Elon Musk has a vested interest in doing this.To do so, he needed cash.The little stunt he orchestrated on Twitter scared investors who have liquidated over $150 billion in market cap since the beginning of the week. That's something the SEC isn't going to like.The SEC is likely to sanction Elon Musk who is used to this. And this, especially since Elon Musk had made an agreement with the SEC a few months ago establishing that he had to consult a lawyer before tweeting about Tesla ...
He is probably right... not because of "fundamentals" or any garbage like that... but because today was the day I finally jumped on board the tesla train. I not only wouldn't be surprised if the stock plunged 90%. I'm basically expecting it. Buy high sell low right? I'm the best at that
NTAIf she wants the Tesla, she can buy it herself using her own money. This was a gift and she's acting like a choosing beggar. Come to think of it, this should be probably posted in the CB room.
Tesla and Space X have received govt assistance. The govt has helped make Musk's dreams possible. His distain for taxes is disgusting. Musk's ego is on Donald Trump levels.
The US directly handed money to him through tax credits to his customers, which made up a large % of the cost of a Tesla. Of all the billionaires, he probably directly benefitted from the US government more than almost anyone else.
You should be REALLY mad that this same shit is happening to cars. Especially Tesla, they are by far the worst offender. And when it comes time for a repair the Tesla dealer doesn’t have to compete with 3rd party options so they can crank up the price 600%.  If you have a bearing failure in the gear reducer they won’t change that bearing. They will only sell you an entire motor/gear reducer/inverter for $10k usd. (Hot rodders with hacked gear reducers swap the $30 bearing in a few hours). If you have a minor battery issue like a crack on one of the cheap plastic coolant bungs they refuse to fix that hose. They sell you an entire new battery for $16k. Small shops hands are tied because the entire car is full of software locks like this. It’s not like other makers where a 3rd party scan tool can reset a simple trouble code or put a part into calibration mode. They can’t open up the car without bricking it.I can afford to bin my iphone. I can’t afford to bin a car.
Make no excuses for Tesla. Something as critical as this feature needs to be THOROUGHLY tested before being rolled out. This is just sloppy, and careless.
Tesla shareholders should know that anything that comes from his Twitter account is a potential risk. That’s part of the investment case.
Musk didn’t found Tesla. He just gave its founders a lot of money, enough to become Tesla’s chairman, and then pushed the founders out.
Tesla was great but please dont fall for the myth that he had all kinds of magical stuff beyond our current level of technology. He was highly skilled for his time but a totally crazy myth factory has been built on top of that.
Probably mad rich after investing in both Amazon and Tesla on inside information he heard from the table next to him
Tesla guy "yooo that guy totally got dusted bro. he crying rn"RR guy '"oh look, another Tesla"
Your second mistake is thinking that Tesla is a car company.
Tesla is like my ex-wife.  I thought I understood it,  I didn't really understand it,  I lost a lot of money because of it,  I don't talk to it anymore.
I own Tesla stock and I honestly don’t know why it is valued this high but I guess I don’t mind lol
Yup. After the first air horn blast I hope the wife would tell the tesla dbag if he doesn't stop his assholery their kid will be deaf.
pay for the deal with tesla options before the announcement :D
Knight, valk, pekka, mini pekka, Tesla, ice golem kite, inferno tower or dragon, another mega knight
Tesla's worth so much because people want to buy shares of the company. Strictly, the stock price doesn't reflect the company's capital assets or revenue -- the market capitalization is based on perceived future value.Why do people think Tesla has so much potential? It depends on the investors, but they generally note that Tesla is investing strongly, growing rapidly, the demand for their products and services is stronger (demand outstrips supply), and the company is not only manufacturing electric cars, but a whole electricity and electricity-storage infrastructure that includes battery technologies and supply chains, energy storage, and renewable energy production. Tesla is a potentially disruptive and market-defining integrated multi-industry company. It's not just rapidly growing, but has rather obvious massive future growth potential. In fact, it really doesn't have a serious competitor for the type of company it's shaping up to be.If you look at Tesla as just an electric car company, the price is not justifiable. However, if you take a broader view, it's still probably over-priced but it's at least justifiable.
Sounds like it's time for Tesla to announce that 1,000,000 mile battery...
So, what IS the number that will solve world hunger. He said he'd be willing to sell tesla stock, so that would be a start. Does he mean if 6 bil. won't solve it he could at least help.
This guy has the gall to call her a trust fund baby, while being a college student and buying a Tesla. Hmmm, who’s paying for college there? Who’s footing your life so you can get ahead and go to college and afford a Tesla?  Dude is just mad she doesn’t need him for money
This is the Air - Dream Edition. Air being the name of the car and dream edition the package. It is the top model and costs $169,000. The $139,000 model has a 516 mi range.The $95,000 and $77,000 models have a 406 mi range. I’ll leave it to you to look at the other features and specifications.They made their first deliveries on Saturday. They are using the same strategy as Tesla by producing a luxury car first and moving towards more affordable models later. Their next announced vehicles is an SUV called Gravity which is also a luxury vehicle.The company itself is run by an ex-Tesla exec who was the chief vehicle engineer for the model S many years ago. Elon has disputed his contributions to Tesla but many documents and videos support his contributions.
Thank you!! When I saw that “we” I was like hold up!? In what world is buying a new Tesla something people in the “lower classes” can do. Talk about out of touch…
Masquerading around lower classes &amp seeing how we live? Are you serious?? Dude, *you’re* the red flag/double life here. On what planet can a lower class 23 y/o college student afford a brand new Tesla? Maybe this story is fake, maybe you’re just oblivious to what “the lower classes” means, but either way YTA.
YTA. Maybe she should have told you, though I can see her \\ not wanting to be judged or used for her family's wealth. You calling her trustfund baby and accusing her of just wanting to see how  lower classes live (when you drive a TESLA at 23??? You aren't lower class, dude, get off your high horse) was ridiculous. Maybe the fact that you are so judgy is why she isn't speaking to you.
Wasn’t there just last week a black guy who won a gigantic lawsuit against Tesla because practically every middle manager and upwards consistently called every black employee by the n-word?
A Tesla employee who is a man, and whose Twitter is almost entirely just him gushing about Elon Musk.
Increase your property damage on your auto insurance to $300,000. It usually only cost $3  more every 6 months and will keep you from paying out of pocket if you hit a Tesla.
Tesla would moon because now they won't have to deliver.
they bought tesla calls before the announcement
Currently, Robinhood is under the magnifying glass of regulatory entities for their actions in January, and their heavy reliance on Payment For Order Flow (PFOF), which is the practice of having other institutions pay them for your data. Even PFOF is being questioned on it's ethicacy.Furthermore, Robinhood is not a large broker, and will likely not be able to stay up and running through the entirety of a volatile market event. Brokers such as Fidelity, manage trillions of dollars in assets, and have enough cash to tank such an event. A simple Google search will show you that Robinhood frequently has trouble staying live during high volatility. Recently with dog coins, and previously with other securities like Tesla. Computershare is a transfer agent that operates similarly to a broker. You are able to buy, sell, and hold securities here. The difference is that the shares are in your name rather than your brokers name. This means you have more autonomy over your ability to purchase and sell securities. Computershare is also the transfer agent for GameStop, which means that if there is a dividend, NFT or cash, you will receive said dividend through them. Brokers cannot guarantee the distribution of non-cash dividends.
“I wish I had invested in Apple”“I wish I had invested in Amazon early”“If only I had invested in Tesla years ago”“I should have bought crypto early”I’m on board with GME and not missing the train this time
$10k off a Tesla is pretty amazing
Amazon and Tesla are dependent on roads and infrastructure. If that went away tomorrow they wouldn't have a business. We are a nation of SUCKERS if they don't chip in.
So to try and do some math here: Elon Musk's current estimated net worth is 275 Billion USD. Most of that is tied up in shares of Tesla and SpaceX. For example, he owns 21% of Tesla, currently valued at over 1 Trillion USD. That being said, over half of those 21% are pledged as collateral for loans. Essentially, instead of ever cashing out his stocks or taking a salary as CEO of his companies, he gets performance based compensation packages (Tesla and SpaceX shares). He takes out loans from banks, puts up his shares as collateral, and lives off that money. This is simplified, but that way he doesnt have to pay takes. If he did cash out, his shares would probably lose a good chunk of value, so instead of $275B it might only be $200B. Plus, he'd have to pay income tax on this capital gain, so in his tax bracket that'd be 20% on shares held longer than a year and 37% for shares held less than that. Assuming most of his shares he's held for longer than a year, this might be 20% taxes on $175B and 37% on $25B, which would leave him with roughly ($175B - $175B x 0.2) + ($25B -$25B x 0.37), so $155.75B. I'm making a lot of assumptions here, but if he liquidates his assets, he might be left with roughly $155B. So the tweet would be asking for 4.3% of his now liquid assets to end world hunger. Not bad.
From a former Tesla Sr. Leader, and person who Elon knows: Fuck Elon. He is a selfish, greedy, two-faced troll.I love the cars, but can't stand the man.
People should also keep in mind that Space X makes its money off government contracts. Tesla would have failed long ago as it was trying to scale without massive government subsidies for EVs that made them more affordable. In 2018, he paid zero income tax.Musk is a fucking freeloading welfare queen who doesn’t understand the life of common people because he grew up with a daddy who owned an emerald mine.
Yeah but Berkshire Hathaway sounds old as fuck, grandpa, tesla is new and trendy. All the cool kids are doing it!
Tesla is a religion at this point.
I got it explained to me as "Tesla is a tech company that also makes cars" and that's why they are valued like that. I don't know though, I chop wood.
&gt  In 2018, Tesla founder Elon Musk, the second-richest person in the world, also paid no federal income taxes. [...]  Musk responded to an initial query with a lone punctuation mark: “?” After we sent detailed questions to him, he did not reply.\- https://www.propublica.org/article/the-secret-irs-files-trove-of-never-before-seen-records-reveal-how-the-wealthiest-avoid-income-tax
It so sad when brilliant minds finish their lives in poverty. Remember Nikola Tesla, he's a prime example.
Plus, if anybody was ever going to invent time travel, it was Tesla.  The mere fact that he didn't seem to do it in the past is proof that he must have done it in the future.
**NIKOLA FUKKIN TESLA.** Earth was going to be torn apart by a rogue black hole, so Nikola came back to a time when he could get the materials to build a death ray/save the earth ray, but wouldn't have to answer to anyone about building it. He then shot it right through the earth creating the Tunguska Event which altered the path of the black hole. We all lived. He went mad and died because he couldn't go back to his present. God, no wonder he was such a clean fetishist. Imagine if you had to go back and live in 1908, before antibiotics and the FDA.
One of the executives is going to get a real nice pay package with a job offer from Tesla in 7 months.
I would switch to hertz rental if I got a Tesla.
Apple’s warranty folks can be pretty awful.  My nephew had an iPod which would not charge and the moment you unplugged it would die.  We tried different chargers and it simply would not charge.  We sent it back and the end of the warranty was approaching.   I wrote a detailed explanation of the problem and what we did without success.  They sent it back saying no problem found but the battery was completely dead.  So they clearly didn’t test charge it.  I got pissed and zapped it with a 500,000 volt Tesla coil which killed it dead.  I sent it back two weeks before the warranty was up and they replaced it.
The driver in the Tesla got his driver’s license revoked for five years, he must serve 2 years of community control, 3 years probation, 150 community service hours, and donate $1,000 to a victim’s compensation fund. What a joke of a sentencing when he seriously injured 3 ppl in the suv
https://miami.cbslocal.com/2019/12/09/tesla-driver-jose-soto-high-speed-crash-plea-deal/https://old.reddit.com/r/Roadcam/comments/m6j42x/usaold_128_mph_tesla_tbones_a_suv_in_miami_beach/
&gt Then just build a bunch of massive tesla coils everywhere~ Reddit
Fuck Thomas Edison, an asshole who stole work of others and a hulky who deserves to be remembered as an asshole for the rest of eternity. He didn't give justice to Tesla in life, let us give it to him in death.Fuck you, Thomas Edison!
Yes the boat is at fault, still Tesla guy was 100% on his phone. They're going very slowly, the car changing lane was fully visible, they're 4 full seconds between the car starting to change lane and the impact, yet the Tesla went straight in it
"weekly rations in your tesla""non binary they friend""thinking is a crime"Ah yes, radical leftism is when the planet becomes authoritarian and consumerist.
So Tesla would hate pretty much his entire Internet fanbase.
That’s why at Tesla we put our cars into service mode which disables remote access
I was expecting things to get out of hand and see the police pull the Tesla driver over the center console.
I had to repair my Tesla recently and I think it’s because most of their body parts can’t be repaired, even the smallest dents. Someone will take a look at a hood with a small dent and say you have to replace the whole thing for 5k.
Tesla must have a huge profit center in accident repairs. 24k for that is absolutely insane
also a tesla.
Another nice tidbit from this accident is that the 4runner was a rental without insurance. this tesla video saved his bacon.
My buddy interviewed with Tesla back in the Roadster days to work in the suspension design department. He was a mechanical engineering grad who had experience in working on the schools formula car team, amongst other mechanical internships, etc... Also he and I had run two racecars together, a spec Miata and a formula Ford team. During the interview the lead design engineer for the suspension team asked my buddy, "What's the best suspension?" which is a pretty dumb question to begin with, but when my friend responded with, "It depends on your goals, stiff ride vs. NVH, etc...." the interviewer interrupted him and said, "No, the best suspension is a solid rod connecting the hub to the frame, i.e. eliminating spring weight. It was at that point that my friend knew that Tesla was not the right place for him.
I remember when I was doing my masters in automotive engineering just as tesla was releasing their first model having a lecturer spend 3 hours talking us through all the things that would be shit about Teslas because of how many corners they cut and just by being a new car company. Didn't appreciate how right he was at the time
Last year a couple of UK based car journalists described the Tesla build quality as that of TVR but without the funny graffiti hidden by carpet.TVR was a Blackpool based sports car manufacturer renowned for its terrible build quality but has funny graffiti written on it's body panelsThat is not a good comparisonBut watching this video it looks worse than a weekday TVR
I'm in Austin, and with Tesla and Apple building new campuses here, I fear that prices will go up to Silicon Valley levels in the next few years.
&gt he and others were called the N-word by Tesla employees, that he was told to "go back to Africa" and that employees drew racist and derogatory pictures that were left around the factory.&gt&gtThe suit said Diaz was excited to go to work for Tesla, but that instead of a "modern workplace," he found a "scene straight from the Jim Crow era."
&gtOwen Diaz, who worked as a contract elevator operator at Tesla's factory in Fremont, Calif., from 2015 to 2016, said in his lawsuit that he and others were called the N-word by Tesla employees, that he was told to "go back to Africa" and that employees drew racist and derogatory pictures that were left around the factory. If anyone wants to know what happened to him.
Hey Elon, how are you? Any idea when il get my Tesla
Just for a little context, in case someone else needs it: GM sold [more than 2.5 million vehicles in 2020 in the USA alone,](https://www.best-selling-cars.com/usa/2020-full-year-usa-gm-sales-chevrolet-buick-cadillac-gmc/) whereas Tesla sold [less than 500,000 vehicles worldwide.](https://www.best-selling-cars.com/brands/2020-full-year-global-tesla-car-sales-worldwide/)
They also use entirely different chip sets. I am an engineer for a major motor manufacturer, and [Renesas Fire](https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-56486242) seriously fucked up the global chip supply chain. Tesla gets their chips from a different supply chain and was unaffected. This tweet reeks of stupidity, and not even in the good way we are used to.
I was expecting it to be more flashy. Granted, I don't know shit about tesla coils.
“Aight imma head out”-that Tesla
Owns a *fucking tesla*. Doesn't want to pay the peasant tradesman more than 100 dollars to install its charger. Now I know why the french revolted.
As someone mentioned below, K wasn't fired since I was giving gifts to my branches however it was too immaterial to be called "bribery".  Many others did the same thing but HR needed to investigate my case since someone reported it as "potential" bribery and hence they need to verify I wasn't giving my branches a Tesla each or something lol.
Some people pull a Newton or a Tesla and never get laid
I can tell you Space X (or Tesla) isn't less toxic. We work with their HR department and the churn they have there is fucking insane.
This is the whole premise of swappable batteries for cars too but Tesla fanboys always downvote anyone that brings it up…Like, why would you want your car in the same situation as your iPhone… we all loved swappable batteries until Samsung and iPhone collectively decided to tell consumers “fuck you”
Tesla driver quickly realized getting his car messed with was not worth being a part of the situation
Seems like they do. &gt“This location will not only create permanent jobs, it is also part of a longterm relationship with Tesla. As the company is working with pueblo nambe to provide education and training opportunities for tribal members, as well as economic development,” Nambé Pueblo Gov. Phillip Perez said during the opening, according to KRQE.I wouldn't doubt there some direct revenue to the tribe as well.
I'm okay with this as long as the tribe benefits from their relationship with Tesla.
Let me Google that for you... [Here ](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.engadget.com/amp/2014-07-17-tesla-motors-us-sales.html) is the first article I found about it.To the surprise of no one. It's about money. And a long history of those who have it screwing over those who need it. And politics. And lobbyists.Ford created the system so a local entity could push for roads and help change the local rules to favor automobiles over horses. Then recessions and depressions happened and Ford and GM screwed the dealers by forcing them to keep buying cars they couldn't sell. Dealers sucked it up, then organized against big auto (Yay underdog!) creating rules and laws to help protect themselves against getting screwed again.Power corrupts, and now dealers (as a group) have nearly as much clout as the manufacturers, and are now part of the problem. (surprised picachu)The golden rule:    Thems that gots the gold, makes the rules.
Where is my tesla father
Hey you also forgot all the other robust history that the typical Redditor knows. There is also:9/11Tiananmen Square Some archduke got shot once, no idea what the rest of that war was aboutTeddy Roosevelt coolTesla cool, Edison badLincoln freed the slaves, Christopher Columbus existed, now this is my 10 page rant against CRTAncient Greeks existed and they were gay&amp#x200BAnd then that's it. You must not also forget our great literary collection, which is: 1984Animal Farm The Handmaid's TaleAnd that's a wrap.
Wait! Tesla on Tesla?
r/uselessredcircle but also, Tesla my ass. That's Lord Voldemort 💀 🐍
The Tesla held up really well, bullish
tesla literally puts gas stations out of business.
The kid is [alive and was arrested afterwards](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&ampsource=web&amprct=j&ampurl=https://www.nbcdfw.com/news/local/texas-news/tesla-erupts-into-flames-after-teen-crashes-into-gas-pump/2716966/%3Famp&ampved=2ahUKEwiFhKif-YTzAhXjmmoFHSNvDOoQFnoECAUQAQ&ampusg=AOvVaw0OvQQTaUpYLO_nXsVIQZon&ampampcf=1) according to the local news article.
I cant recall my parents ever hitting me, but I always assumed I was one stolen tesla away from a beat down.
Pump was at fault, tesla clearly had the right of way
&gt&gt she cares about the peopleNo she doesn’t. She’s wearing $30k dresses to parties where the tickets cost $30k and brags about being poor while driving a Tesla and living luxuriously. They promise to pay for everyone’s college and health care so you will vote them into power, and then fail to deliver on anything. It’s illegal for her to say she will give you $100k to vote for her, so instead she promises free everything and that’s perfectly kosher.
https://www.santafenewmexican.com/news/local_news/tesla-opens-sales-service-delivery-center-at-nambe-falls-travel-center/article_de4716b2-1199-11ec-aafb-b3f8f913df09.htmlHere's the original reporting outlet that isn't paywalled.
Yea. I'm not saying car dealerships are great. I am saying that agree or disagree, there was a real ideological reason for our current set-up. It's my view that concentrated power is bad for consumers and society. Tesla isn't trying to break the industry's structure out of the goodness of their heart.
Simple solution. Tesla should unionize.
I love that Tesla put electric cars into the mainstream and I think that the world is a better place with Elon in it.That being said, very few people benefitted from government subsidies more than him and his businesses. By 2015, the total had reached [4.9 billion dollars](https://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-hy-musk-subsidies-20150531-story.html). On this particular subject, cry me a river buddy.
Fun fact, David Bowie also plays Tesla in The Prestige.
Tesla Amazon bitcoin
Email 1: Your new Tesla vehicle will be ready for pick-up tomorrow!(30 seconds)Email 2: Umm... Yeah... About that last email.
Reposting here: you’re missing the point of his bet.People don't see the full idea behind Michael Burry's TSLA short. Every single article is about how he tweeted at papa Musk and how he thinks that the company is the worst thing since he dropped his glass eye into his cat's litter box.He doesn't think that Tesla will implode. He doesn't think it's a failing company. He just sees the reality, which is that all of their profits/revenues are way in the future.Let's just say you win a time-delayed lottery and get $1,000,000 in 15 years. Not bad! Now let's say you won the same lottery in Venezuela in 2005. It's not even worth cashing the ticket.It's the same deal with companies. Growth companies, however promising, have most of their expected profits in the future. Those profits have to be discounted by the **interest rate** to be turned into todays dollars. In other words, it doesn't matter how much money Tesla is going to make in the future if interest rates surge today. Well... it does matter... it's just worth a lot less.So how does this relate to the Burry bet? You just have to scroll down a few lines on his 13F filing.Burry has almost as many GOOG/FB calls as he does TSLA puts. Around \~$330MM of them. Why does this matter? These are big tech companies that are actually printing out metric shit-tons of profit today.Interest rates stay the same but big tech goes up? Break even. Big tech goes down? Break even. Interest rates rise? Burry makes more money in a year than all of your wives boyfriends combined.TLDR:The Burry TSLA short isn't a bet against Tesla, it's a bet on interest rates rising (AKA inflation).
I'm boycotting Tesla by not being able to afford a Tesla.
Yeah you're cool as fuck pal, sitting in the back seat of your Tesla.... alone.What a clown
asshole sleeping in his tesla recorded by idiot distracted driver at 75mph
The full video shows the cammer passing through a yield sign ("让") right before this clip begins.https://uk.news.yahoo.com/tesla-car-smashes-guardrails-falls-110000406.html
When I read “Driving a Tesla Y into a building” I immediately knew something bad was about to happen
Probably exhibit 2. It's a Tesla, I bet it has like 6 angles covering the entire thing in even better quality. This video doesn't show the crash and one could argue "maybe he did stop and then got hit by a hit and run near the road which propelled him into the building" or something dumb. This is the part of the exhibits where it shows the pre-meditated intent and the conspirators if they're gonna go after his friends too.
Meh the Tesla recorded all the evidence needed.. + all the witnesses. You’re not wrong tho. People are dumb af
Dude said, "That shit was not slowing down." Maybe because you're flooring a Tesla on a straightaway. Dense fuck
Tesla sized hole in the building is an even worse sign.
Tesla sized hole in the bush is a bad sign.
god he's so based 🤤🤤 cant wait for elon muskie wuskie to drive over my cock and balls with a tesla on his way to the cobalt mines ((epic dogecoin miner!!)) 😊🤭🤭💞💞❤💕💞
Yep, this is the answer. People who do amazing things which are unappreciated in their time, but who build the foundations and allow for bigger things in the future.An example would be Nikola Tesla. He died penniless and largely unknown outside of scientific circles. But he's much more widely known and appreciated today, almost 80 years later. His work is credited with providing the foundations for much of today's technology.
Toyota designers of the Prius admitted that the reason they do electric car designs to look "different" is because those that want to drive electric cars want to be different and the ugly designs help them make their mind on buying one since it looks different. Tesla has changed that thought of design though but other car companies continue it because the numbers show that the concept works.
“Teslas do not crash if you use it how it’s designed to be used” says the dumbass who is using his Tesla in a way it is not designed to be used
It upsets me a little that someone that stupid can afford a Tesla.
I cringed every time that idiot mentioned Elon Musk. It almost appears like an exaggerated Tesla fanboy parody, but it's not.
As much as i dislike tesla (and by extension musk), i have to admit he does make a fairly good point here. No point getting publicly listed when you can’t meet production requirements and your cars look uglier than teslas anyway
For their looks, interior and build quality for the price - any Tesla.
Pretty sure this is a Tesla. Very hard to pit given they are heavy af and their center of gravity is very low.
SF here. A former coworker left to work at Tesla. She was back asking for her old job back in roughly 6 months and has since left us to go to law school…specifically because her experience at Tesla was so bad she wants to be able to help people sue the fuck out of musky balls.
Good luck pitting a Tesla that weighs 1000 pounds more than your shitbox lol
Looks like attempted insurance fraud to me. Saw a nice car. Initiated contact in a way that would make it look like you tried to change lanes while they were in your blind spot. Idiot just didn't realize your Tesla? had those side cameras.
Looks like an insurance scammer seeing a nice tesla and forgetting they have cameras
Not a single Tesla in the parking lot either!
UBI is what must happen when Govenment pays people because businesses have replaced people with machines.  The *ONLY* way this scheme works is if government aggressively taxes businesses in order to have enough cash to turn around and pay people whose work is no longer needed. Currently the government is heavily subsidizing Tesla and collecting 0 income tax from some of the largest corporations in the world.  I'm all for UBI, but we need to start collecting corporate taxes first.
Makes it even funnier that he brake checked a Tesla! Those cars have cameras all over it. He thought he can get away with it.
I have a Tesla - they are built into the car.  I have 4 exterior angles of this moron.
Out by the airport in Hong Kong. What a bunch of dicks in the tesla.
Oh come on... half of what people think they know about Edison came from an Oatmeal comic. Same reason they think Tesla was some kind of Space God from the future. It's all a bunch of bullshit.Edison did EXACTLY what Elon Musk does, except Thomas Edison actually did invent a few things himself. Reddit would suck Elon's dick alllllll daaaaay but Edison is a "capitalist thief".
I've worked with some real dickheads in my time, but vandalizing the workplace with swastikas is thankfully one I have not run across.I have run into a few racist/sexist jokes but never a boss lobbing N-bombs at a Black employee.Seriously, wtf Tesla?
&gtBlack employees at Tesla have complained for years that the company turns a blind eye to the commonplace use of the N-word and was slow to clean up graffiti with swastikas and other hate symbols scrawled in common areas.Multiple employees over multiple years? Wow.
In response to a user who deleted its comment shitting on autism here is my response.Isaac Newton and Albert Einstein were probably autistic. Elon Musk, the asshole that he is, is probably autistic. Nikola Tesla was probably autistic. These are some of the most intelligent people in recorded human history.You wanna know what being autistic is like? From an autistic man without a high school diploma? Shut the fuck up it's a rhetorical question.Being autistic is a fucking nightmare. It is psychologically impossible for me to understand facial expressions and body language. I literally have no fucking idea what a smile means. I have to search my memories for similar interactions to figure it out. Internet humour sure as fuck isn't helping.But at the same time, advanced physics, rocket science, molecular biology, pattern recognition, and advanced human psychology come easy to me. How does that last one work if I can't understand facial expressions and body language? Fuck if I know.Your idea that autism = equals stupidity makes you a cunt. There is no debating it. You are, in fact, a cunt. Undeserving of whatever is between your legs. You deserve a Lego elephant cock shoved balls deep up your ass. It's a mind-blowing experience. Really eye-opening.It's 12:30 AM. I'm need to sleep. Would you kindly eat shit while I'm away?Jesus Christ, man. Talk about usernames not checking out.
While Tesla was a good engineer and made some significant contributions in his field, he was not some 'genius who was ahead of his time' that some internet cultists like to believe. He lacked the background of rigorous scientific methods and refused to accept modern physics. One of the reasons why many of his inventions didn't work out is because they couldn't, because of his misconceptions about how laws of physics work.
Funnily enough it's also a concern for self driving cars or drive assist systems. I recently saw a video of a Tesla autopilot going crazy because it's cameras were recognizing the stop signs and traffic lights the truck in front was carrying. Which got me thinking, 20 years in the future will I be able to put up a cardboard roadsign and make self driving cars drive off a cliff or ram into the railing or whatever? How do we make copy protected roadsigns? A human will immediately recognize a real roadsigns from a fake one or one that doesn't belong there or gets transported or whatever. But self driving software?
So basic Nikola Tesla induction technology, bravo for building it but completely useless to power any actual device over a significant distance.
Kim took the cat and Sammy took the tesla BibleThump
Waiting for Tesla full self driving beta to arrive at this beast 🤣
Why Tesla doesn’t require weight in the front seat as well, is beyond me
So you're saying Tesla is going to end up drawn and quartered and its remains spread around the world as a warning to EV companies only to inspire more to take its place?
“full college” is not what you think. this is not the US, it is 20k over the course of 4 years after scholarships and grants. her rent for her apartment is 700 with student discount. she will be paying for her bills like insurance, phone, gas, i am not buying her a car like a tesla or ferrari.
Must be devastating for your relative who is an engineer at Tesla to discover they sell the cars. In a retail job.Thoughts and prayers to you at this trying time where you discover that retail and STEM overlap quite a lot. Pharmaceuticals? Make up? Cooking? All STEM created, sold by retail.Clearly you handmill your own willowbark for when you have a headache or heart attack but you’ve made it clear you are exceptional. Unfortunately it’s exceptional at the next level of ‘oh just make your own’ or ‘I don’t own a TV’ snobbery of being above the plebs who do such shallow things as buy stuff or enjoy the arts like reading a non textbook. God tier ‘well actually’.Wonder how you typed this? Build your own motherboard or did a retail venue sell you their STEM development in a tiny package known as a smartphone? Steve Jobs was a retailer at heart dude to make the STEM he dealt with change modern society. He actually became a celebrity for it even if you happen to think he was a grandiose gobshite…
I guess. Reality is if a SHF “trades” collateral for cash to buy back shorted stock during a squeeze, they will probably not have the money to “trade” back for their collateral later. They will be broke. So that collateral is in essence ‘sold’ without hitting the open market because of a defaulted loan. Congrats, that stack of Tesla you received as collateral is now yours to keep…
Tesla is another abuser. If you repaired their car Tesla will not let you supercharge even if they inspected the car. But this should apply to everything. HP will not let you swap HP toner cartridges between same printers. There is known air purifier that will NOT let you swap the filters, because they chipped them. We had cold press that would not work, unless the chipped strainer replaced every 15 times, with very expensive chipped part. This cr@p produces a ton of electronic waste.
It's possible they're selling stock or other assets, their stock may pay dividends, they can be borrowing money against the value of their stock, or have income not tied to their primary asset (for example owning a less famous private business that generates cash).  In the US, often we can know something because US corporate reporting requirements are pretty stringent.  Very large holders of a company must report sales (so we know that Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos are constantly selling shares of Microsoft and Amazon because they report the sales).  Elon Musk though doesn't sell Tesla stock, but in Telsa's financials include information about loans he has which are backed by pledged Tesla stock. We know a lot less about the other business they own when those are private companies, because private companies don't have to report as much information publicly.
Fun fact: efficient wired electricity transportation is also thanks to Tesla.
If Tesla hadn't been screwed over by the laws of physics we would have infinite wireless free solar freakin' roadways energy all over the world.
"owning" devices. Companies are lobbying hard to fight right to repair legislation that would make it so you can't actually fix your own devices or have a repair shop do it for you. It's already pretty bad with companies like Apple, Tesla, and John Deere. They design stellar products but if ***anything*** goes wrong with them you're almost always going to be told to buy a new one (apple) or to ship your heavy ass piece of machinery both ways for days to weeks to have it repaired when you should otherwise be able to do it yourself. Farmers are moving back to ancient tractors since they can fix them themselves and get parts for a reasonable price, or they're using bootleg Polish JD software to bypass the DRM in their tractors so they can actually fix these things in a timely matter. Sometimes having a $100 sensor break in your tractor can cost you upwards of $5000 with shipping, rigging, and labour. Not to mention a potentially lost harvest if it takes too long to fix.
I am actually a super duper genius. I would like to become CEO of tesla.
So works good until there is fog or rain. But tesla is facing the same problem going camera only. Cars should have more senses than people.
Since everyone else will probably only comment on Tesla and Elon.Just want to acknowledge that this is a beautifully chronologically sequenced and formatted expose post.Infinitely better researched than lazy mainstream propaganda articles. Kudos!
Edison was a dick. Look at what he did to Nikola tesla amongst many others.
Quick abstract, because 90% of the video is just watchtime-farming:The problem was the coolant pipe connection to the battery was damaged. Tesla quoted them for a replacement battery for $16,000. The shop fixed it by cutting the nipple connection going into the battery, tapped it and screwed in a similar nipple to which they reconnected the coolant pipe.Thats basically it, not sure why it is 30 minutes long.As for my personal opinion, I think by tapping and screwing in an other nipple will restrict the flow of the coolant. It probably won't affect the vehicle under normal circumstances, but a heat or coldwave could screw this repair up (especially because the brass has different thermal expansion than plastic).
I would take a guess that the first guy could afford to get his Tesla detailed 10 times with the revenue he makes from trolling on TikTok. I hate it.
Once a sale is done, it’s done. The manufacturer shouldn’t care I owe the bank money. It shouldn’t void my warranty to take it to a certified mechanic. It’s like Tesla is trying to sell you a Gillette razor and make all the money on the back end. This is wrong and consumer abuse.Also, Fuck John Deere.
&gtAlthough Bone managed to bring his Model 3 back to life, he still faces a danger down the road. Tesla may go after him and disable supercharging in his car because it did not perform the repair. That’s something we have seen happen before on salvaged vehicles. This is why we need the right to repair law. Companies try to nickel and dime the consumers because they know they can get away with it. If I paid 40k for a product, I should be able to repair it anywhere as long as it is reasonably done. This is one of the areas that government needs to regulate.
This is where Tesla is going to get in legal trouble. You can't just take their property. They paid for the car, they own that battery.
This is fairly laughable but completely unacceptable. $16,000 to repair a car is insane. Especially one with a coolant leak! This part was also troubling "The same applies to Tesla: if it has to invest in training and buying equipment to perform more repairs in Service Centers, it should just do it. Not replace a perfectly fine battery pack, ship it back to the factory, fix it there, and sell it. As Bone said, he had the right to keep his old battery pack if he had paid $16,000 for a new one, something that the Service Center was not very willing to accept."So they were going to charge him 16 k and keep the old battery pack even though the customer owns it? WTF?
Doesn't sound like Tesla understands the concept of the "Core charge"  They could still make money offering that repair for $2000 on the condition they keep the old battery.  I highly doubt they planned on completely discarding the original battery from the car.  The bigger concern with right to repair is the OEM locking you out of functionality because you dared to have someone fix a problem for an order of magnitude less than they were asking.
Okay. Wait. So she has low egg count, not "non existent eggs" so why TF can't she undergo hormone treatment and egg retrieval herself? If they can afford a PS5 and a Tesla, they can afford in-vitro. Seeing as how she has eggs, they are just low, she can deal with all the negative side effects of hormone therapy and retrieval if she is that desperate for a baby.
Both SpaceX and Tesla are known for terrible work life balance and paying less than other companies in the industry for the same positions I definitely don’t have a dream of working for Musk or one of his companiesMy dream is a job that allows me to work 9-5/40 hours a week with good pay, good vacation time, and minimal expectation of unpaid overtime or work outside of business hours
The short version, condensing the story from 2009 to today:1. MobileEye provides basic lane keeping functionality which Tesla integrates as "AutoPilot"2. Tesla starts working on their own equivalent software, seeks access to the MobileEye hardware to run Tesla software, MobileEye packs their bags and leaves3. Tesla releases their own AutoPilot which starts off below the capability of MobileEye, but gradually improves over time4. Elon figures, "we have this sorted, there's a bit more AI to recognise traffic lights and intersections, but the hard part's done right?"5. Over time even the people telling Elon that it's not that easy realise it's not even as hard as they thought it was, and the problem is several levels more difficult because driving a car isn't about staying in your lane, stopping for traffic lights and safely navigating busy intersections.6. Tesla's system starts off with recognising objects in 2D scenes, works to 2.5D (using multiple scenes to assist in recognising objects) — but that's not enough. They now derive a model of 3D world from 2D scenes, detect which objects are moving — but that's still not enough.7. It turns out that driving a car is 5% what you do with the car and 95% recognising what the moving objects in your world are, what objects are likely to move, and predicting behaviour based on previous experience with those objects (for example Otto bins normally don't move without an associated human, but when they do they can be unpredictable — but you can't tell your software "this is how Otto bins behave" you have to teach your software, "this is how to recognise movement, this is how to predict future movement, and this is how to handle moving objects in general")8. [In the distant future] Now that Tesla has got FSD working and released, it turns out that producing a Generalised AI with human-level cognitive skills is actually much easier because they had to build one to handle the driving task anyway and all they need to do is wire that general AI into whatever else they were doing.
John McAfee beat them both and is currently trying to get the orbiting Tesla started.
What happens if a Tesla gets hit by lightning? No need to charge it for the next year?
As does every other company who offers, or is planning to offer a self-driving feature in their automobiles. No need to single out Tesla here.
All these warnings and active interventions are off/on options in a menu which many Tesla drivers will set to their liking.
Don’t tons of alarms go off when you try to change lanes into someone? I don’t even have a Tesla and if my blinkers are on with a car in the next lane, it sounds like a 5 alarm fire in my car.
It makes sense. Tesla doesn't have a van/truck in their line-up yet, and it'd be stupid to use a sub-optimal vehicle for the job just to use your own model.I bet that Ferrari don't use actual Ferraris for their service vehicles either.
Tesla hasn’t built a small utility can yet.  I’m sure once they have them tesla mobile service will use it.
Owning a tesla
[Mormon Church cashes in on GameStop and Tesla stock craze](https://www.kxan.com/news/business/mormon-church-cashes-in-on-gamestop-and-tesla-stock-craze/)
Tesla/Elon Musk stans
Those quad exhausts are how the Tesla gets rid of excess electricity. It's a real problem with electric cars...
Tesla owner here.  I purchased autopilot and was up sold to FSD because it was months away.  The car would drive from LA to NYC hands free soon after.  This was the end 2016/early 2017I’ve learned that you are buying what you have.  Don’t assume anything is coming. That’s why I didn’t buy FSD for my next Tesla and told all my referrals to save their money.
"Nice, now my tesla needs therapy"
So everyone who wants a tesla should buy it in el Salvador?
This was caught on a Tesla cam. Vehicle was stuck on median according to the op
tldr Ethereum’s Vitalik Buterin has revealed that he invested $25,000 in Dogecoin in 2016. He sold half of his DOGE holdings for $4.3 million and donated the proceeds to an East African non-profit organization. The crypto asset has been championed by several social media sensations and influencers, including the billionaire CEO of Tesla, Elon Musk.{}*This summary is auto generated by a bot and not meant to replace reading the original article. As always, DYOR.*
tweets in question were about Tesla. SEC doesn't give a fuck if he manipulates crypto.
She is simultaneously a poor/deplorable/uneducated/unqualified bartender and a rich/snooty/intelligcia/mastermind coastal elite with tesla/vanity fair.
Yeah, say what you want about Tesla, but fuck dealers and respect to Tesla for fighting these bullshit laws.
i know enough about batteries to know many of them like being charged in very specific ways. its one thing to say it can operate faster and another for tesla to say well we didn't test every operational probability and had to program something on a deadline within hardware metricsthen again my gas station plays ads like fucking assholes when all i wanna do is pump gas.ads should be illegal.
One is laid off, the other one works, it's been a tough year, and they bought a Tesla???? That's crazy. I would not pay more for their electricity usage. Can they afford a Tesla? NTA
The article is lazy blogspam (like everything else from PC Mag) and the title is somewhat misleading.The translated source is from: https://electrek.co/2021/05/24/tesla-found-guilty-throttling-charging-speed-asked-pay-16000-thousands-owners/&gtAccording to [Norway’s Nettavisen](https://www.nettavisen.no/okonomi/tesla-domt-i-retten-risikerer-milliardutbetaling-til-norske-elbil-eiere/s/12-95-3424130203), Tesla didn’t respond to the lawsuit and the 30 owners behind the case were automatically awarded 136,000 kroner (~$16,000 USD) each in compensation unless Tesla appeals to the case, which it has a few weeks to do.&gtThere could be over 10,000 Tesla owners affected by the update in Norway alone, which could make the fine quite pricey for the automaker, but more importantly, it could also set the tone for several other similar lawsuits, including one in the US.From Nettavisen:&gt It's uncertain if Tesla has to pay the fine. The company has been imposed to pay within May 31st or appeal the case before June 17th.
why on Earth would they not respond to the lawsuit?? that means automatically losing the lawsuit.&gt Tesla decided not to respond to the lawsuit
Quick charge for Tesla
"Autopilot is a Tesla system designed to assist drivers but is not fully autonomous. The driver of the Tesla said he assumed the car would move over on its own, the state patrol said"The driver assumed...I wonder too if he understood that the autopilot isn't fully autonomous.
Reminder: The downside of shorting is UNLIMITED. If you short a company, *you may lose more money than you put in*.It is considerably riskier than longing, where the downside is limited.Michael Burry is not SHORTING Tesla. Micheal Burry has purchased **put options** on Tesla. The downside of Put options are limited.
Burry showing his massive fucking balls again, first rule of Tesla shorting is you don't announce that you've done it. I am praying for him
I wish Elon would focus more on Tesla and Space X and less on crypto.
Step 1: Elon Musk buys a ton of BitcoinStep 2: Elon Musk tweets that Tesla will accept Bitcoin as paymentStep 3: Elon Musk watches Bitcoin skyrocket (again)Step 4: Elon Musk cashes out $100 millionStep 5: Elon Musk tweets that Tesla will no longer accept Bitcoin as payment…and some people wonder why we need to tax these f*ckin billionaires
To fuel the generator that recharges the Tesla, duh
Tesla calls. Got it.
r/investing called the pump and dump the same hour Tesla bought Bitcoin. Musk has a huge cult following, which opens up huge doors for him to exploit his fans and followers. This is just the most obvious example of it.
No kidding. Now imagine being the poor bastard answering the phone when James May has a problem with his Tesla.Then being forced to run down your script designed for regular idiots, to the sounds of increasingly exasperated British sarcasm.
Elon Now: LMAO I just sold some bitcoin, need to buy in before next pump better release some FUD.&amp#x200BElon Later (probably): Tesla buys more bitcoin at 50k and starts an eco mining rig to address the environmental concerns.
*Tesla owners with wall batteries and solar panels have entered the chat*
TESLA: buys $1.5b of bitcoin  Also TESLA: bitcoin is bad for the environment  hmmmmmmm
Tesla wants you to take your car to the dealership when that eventually happens.
I mean surely Musk knew about the energy requirements when Tesla began accepting Bitcoin?
"the joke crypto asset which has risen by more than 1,000% in value this year.""Backed by famous supporters including the Tesla founder, Elon Musk, the rapper Snoop Dogg and the Kiss bassist Gene Simmons"And people actually think there is no asset bubble. Lmao
When Jeremy Grantham declared in January that "the long, long bull market  since 2009 has finally matured into a fully fledged epic bubble," he said he knew there would be "a substantial increase in crazy behavior" before it all came crashing down. The cofounder of Boston's Grantham, Mayo, van Otterloo &amp Co. is famous for having made prescient calls about the bursting of the 1989 Japanese asset-price bubble, the 2000 tech bubble, and the 2008 real-estate bubble."The thing about a bubble is if you can find more money and more crazy investors, it can keep going," he told Insider. As it played out, what Grantham saw in the fourth quarter as "extreme overvaluation, explosive price increases, frenzied issuance, and hysterically speculative investor behavior" escalated into even more remarkable events in the first quarter of this year. From the epic short squeeze in GameStop to the stratospheric rally of Dogecoin, the latest bout of market euphoria has even taken the spotlight away from special-purpose acquisition companies, which have raised $101.5 billion this year and secured $83.4 billion last year — more than the previous seven years combined. 'This is eerily like 2000'To Grantham, the tales of frenzy and mania today are eerily reminiscent of the tech bubble, but signs of cracks are already appearing in the SPAC  market, where a sentiment shift, an oversupply, and regulatory scrutiny have led the IPOX SPAC Index down 23% from its February peak. Grantham, a Model 3 owner, said Tesla's price slump was another sign of the mania unwinding. The electric-vehicle maker's stock, which rose nearly eightfold in 2020, has fallen about 24% from its peak in January despite having delivered "brilliant" earnings results for the past two quarters."So this is eerily like 2000," he said. "It doesn't mean it might end tomorrow or just be a blip."In his view, the bursting of bubbles comes slowly and then all at once. For example, in 2000, the downfall started with Pets.com in March and then migrated to more respected small tech companies in April before hammering away midcap companies in June and Cisco — briefly the largest company — in July. By September, the tech sector, which had been 30% of the market, was down about 50%. But the S&ampP 500 was unchanged, and investors started to dismiss what had transpired as a healthy rotation, Grantham said. "What it was really is the lack of confidence began to leak, not surprisingly, from those areas with the craziest amount of confidence where people had lost touch completely with any underlying fundamentals," he said. "And then that spread through the system to nearly enthusiastic stocks and finally reached the major market."Eventually, the music stopped entirely. In September, the 70% of the market that had not been affected rolled over and dropped 50% in the following two years. "It's like the termites that were nibbling away and working their way down," he said. "When they covered enough ground slicing away like that, they stopped slicing and went for the rest of the market en masse."4 indicators have lined up This time, the combination of the massive fiscal-stimulus program and the effective rollout of vaccinations is likely to push the bubble to last longer, according to Grantham. But he doesn't think it will change the outcome where asset prices revert to a more reasonable level and investors enter a more pessimistic phase. "What it means is the higher you go, the bigger the fall," he said. Grantham used the classic example of Japan, which inflated the biggest stock-market bubble of any developed country in the 1980s."At the time, everyone believed it was 65 times earnings," he said of the price-to-earnings ratio on the Nikkei. "So that was just massive. The consequence is we are now 32 years later and the market is still not back where it was in 1989 in Japan."Similar to how Japan suffered from a "lost decade" of economic stagnation following the collapse of the asset-price bubble in 1991, another thing to consider in a bubbly environment is the negative-wealth effect, Grantham said. While the burst of the dot-com bubble dragged down the stock market, the net drag on the American economy was over pretty quickly. By comparison, the 2008 financial crisis affected not only Americans with stock portfolios but also ordinary homeowners who were sucked into the real-estate bubble. The housing market has become dangerously overheated once again, with multiple gauges of housing-market activity resembling their pre-2008 levels."Looking at the inventory of housing and looking at the availability of money sloshing around in the system," Grantham said, "it is almost certain that, in the next few months, the US the housing market will pass the previous all-time high of 2006 and will establish a new high multiple of family income."Another indicator flashing warning signals is the bond market, which has become perhaps more expensive than stocks as a material chunk of global sovereign debt has negative yields, meaning that investors pay to lend governments their money. Aside from stocks, bonds, and real estate all being prohibitively expensive, commodities are also flashing warning signs. Driven by a global supply-chain shortage, commodities such as lumber, copper, steel, wheat, and cotton have all experienced huge price surges to reach multiyear highs. West Texas Intermediate crude oil had bounced back from minus $38 per barrel to about $65 as of Friday in just over a year. When commodity prices soar to record highs, the economy is vulnerable to a sharp contraction as consumers become more reluctant to make purchases and lofty prices of raw materials erode the margins of manufacturers. Specifically, surging oil prices were followed by recessions in every decade from the 1970s through the 2000s. A case in point is the 2008 oil shock, when oil prices hit $140 a barrel in the summer of 2008 from just $50 a barrel in early 2007.To be sure, similar signs of asset-price bubbles are shooting up around the world, but "in America, we have the real McCoy, we've got everything lined up," Grantham said.As the "craziest, most overconfident, and overpriced stocks" such as Tesla start to show weaknesses while the rest of the market continues to go up as it did in 2000, the end might just be in sight, he added. "This is pretty bad on a very broad front," he said. "We will have to live, potentially, possibly, with the biggest loss of perceived value from assets that we have ever seen."
Is this the same guy who was begging money for a Tesla and got angry when people didn't donate?
Honestly, just went back over this and flicked over Tesla's flag from August to November last year. Obviously this is a different ballgame to Tesla, but there's a couple of things I noticed. The volume dried up from 100million average (beginning of August) down to below 20million before it started shooting up around the 17th of November. The bullflag looks pretty damn similar too, except GME's is bigger and over a longer period. Also, Tesla announced a stock split which took place towards the end of August, which is the start of the penant.Tesla's start of a squeeze also happened when their Q1 earnings beat expectations. I think we're going to see a similar trend with Gamestop's earnings this year, with the amount of apes buying directly from them, as well a refreshed accounting book (no debt, massive cash pile).Short Squeeze is imminent, we just need to be patient.
it's crazy how Elon can easily manipulate the value of dogecoin or Tesla stocks with a single tweet. How can serious investors look at his tweets and not the company's performance?
Source: ElectroBOOM&gtThe Tesla Coil is an electrical circuit invented by Nikola Tesla in 1891 that is used to produce high-voltage, low-current electricity. They are best known for brilliant sparking discharges caused by ionization of the surrounding air by the strong electric field, which allows it to conduct electricity. Ionized gases are also known as plasma , the fourth fundamental state of matter.&gtHere, a syringe is being used to create a near-vacuum environment that allows the electrons to travel more easily and further than under standard atmospheric conditions. This allows the plasma to persist for much longer than normal.
That’s what people don’t get. Guys like him and Cuban are doing it because they SEC can’t regulate it. It’s prime for manipulation. Tesla turned 1.5 billion into 2.5 billion just because their investment led to confidence.
Tesla should just rename the feature as Copilot for now. Would help everyone including them.
Tesla means a lot of things to many different people. To the Prius treehuggers, it's the zero emission. To the Techies, it's iPhone on wheels. To the petrolhead, it's a ridiculous fast car that smokes almost everything else. To those who hate driving, AP is godsend for heavy traffic. To the 2 vegans, it's a steering wheel with no animal killed. That's why it's successful.
I am not sure what he means by that because they most certainly do pay their employees a livable wage. What Tesla does do however is provide some of the harshest hours and extremely unrealistic deadlines that causes employees to basically live at work. You’ll make money working for Tesla.. but you literally have to make it your life. The turnover rates are outrageous.
Are Tesla employees not given living wages? How is that possible?
Huh?  Why would anyone want to kill him?  He has not come up with anything new.  He is not even claiming to have broken the laws of physics by claiming over unity.This is just a tesla coil - something that people have been making since Nikola Tesla's days.
My buddy has a tesla and when I wait in his car when he has to run into the store or smth he turns this shit on while I wait :I
The driver of that Tesla posted that Autopilot was not on. He himself accelerated due to situational awareness.
That’s literally what Tesla stock is
I admit to buy a Tesla when the price hits 1500$ per share
We, company X, have pledged to be ecologically responsible and do our best to save the planet at exactly this random date Y which is far away enough that i won't be CEO then and can't rake in massive profits by exploiting and destroying the planet. This arbitrary date will of course only be valid, until a new CEO with my mind set comes into place and decides that his bonus is worth more than the planet. And naturally we will forget about this pledge if our competitors don't follow, thus gaining an advantage which will reduce our profit (read: my bonus). Only together we can reach the goal, which is me buying a seat in one of the rockets of this tesla guy.
Some context:&gt Tesla CEO Elon Musk quipped back at The Washington Post’s request for comment regarding an article about his future with the company, telling a reporter to give his “regards to your puppet master.”&gt The Post’s piece wondered if Tesla can “run on Autopilot” and declared that “Musk moved to Texas and embraced celebrity.” The article elaborated on “critics” who have concerns that Musk’s schedule and public personality “are beginning to show in the car company he runs.”&gt The company in question, Tesla, didn’t respond to The Post’s request for comment, the article notes. Musk, however, did – with just one sentence presumably aimed at The Post’s owner, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos.&gt “Give my regards to your puppet master,” Musk responded after a request for comment from the newspaper.&gt     “Tesla did not respond to repeated requests for comment. In response to emails seeking comment, Musk replied only: “Give my regards to your puppet master.”&gt     — Josh Dawsey (@jdawsey1) February 23, 2021&gt Bezos owns The Post, as noted in the article, and is mentioned as one of the examples of the potential for giant companies to stumble amid change. The Post noted that Apple CEO Steve Jobs’ 2011 death “prompted what some view as a loss of innovation at the tech giant.”&gt “Amazon will soon face the transition of founder and chief executive Jeff Bezos to executive chairman, testing the culture he’s instilled. (Bezos owns The Washington Post),” the article added before pointing out some of Musk’s political comments throughout the global pandemic.&gt “He knows whatever he says, people do and he’s taking advantage of it,” one anonymous employee reportedly said of Musk, according to The Post.&gt The worker reportedly recalled telling a co-worker that Musk “doesn’t care about you” and will “ruin you,” the piece also noted.https://dailycaller.com/2021/02/23/elon-musk-flames-the-washington-post-tesla-puppet-master/
OP here.This came from an array of trades. Never bear or bull. Aways trying to time a pull back or a rip up with weekly options. All positions are from a lot of different shit. Amd, Tesla fb aapl FedEx ups, whatever you heard of, I traded it. Was on the right side a lot of the time, never with the right capital. Every time I sized up, I was on the wrong side.Entirely gambling weeklies. This is for all the newbies who think it’s a “get rich quick scheme” from seeing the recent gain porn. Those people are literally 5-10 people of 9 million of us.Not saying don’t trade options, just be careful.Also, I’m a full on degenerate bastard. I bet 20-30-40k on combat sports at a time. Play with shit you can lose, please. I hate to see post with“Lost my life savings and don’t know what to do”Started a new account for 2021, will update you fellas in 6 months.GOOOOOD LUCK.
I’ve been trading since 2015. I’ve seen Amazon &lt500$, Netflix &lt100$, Tesla at &lt180$. I will hold my gme shares for sure! When I have learned on thing it is that patience pays off. Just relax and let it grow, don’t worry about short term up and downs. I once was in amd and that was a crazy ride. If I would have just held it it would have paid off big time. Lesson learned. Just hold, be calm, emotions will go high and low, let them pass by like clouds in the sky. That’s the way you’ll make big tendies in this game. Did you see how everyone got excited today at the rocket fuel phase? Guess what our goal is way higher than that and it will naturally climb up higher again. We don’t need hype. This thing will be driven by the share buy backs alone. It will be beautiful
I hope he puts it on his Tesla he’s buying with his tendies
This is the way I remember that crazy spike tesla had pre pandemic i was a gay bear and lost over 2k in puts. Back then I would buy and sell anytime the stock went down 1 dollar. I learned my lesson I Will hold either to the point where I can buy a fucking lambo and fuck 3 hookers or until im standing out side of a game stop asking for tendies
I have bought and sold Tesla so many times and probably made 50 bucks total.  Fucking hold!!!
It is in people’s best interest to tell everyone GME is a once in a lifetime opportunity, but people are forgetting all of the Tesla millionaires we minted last year. There will be another, and another, and another. Maybe not with the same infinity squeeze potential, but with massive upside that you can easily make your fortune on. Learn from this one and persist. And remember the true measure of a man is not how he behaves in moments of comfort and convenience but how he stands at times of controversy and challenges.
Nio and Tesla ran together like this for a bit
&gt Last year witnessed monumental progress for right to repair, including the [expansion of an existing Massachusetts law](https://www.vice.com/en/article/93wy8v/newly-passed-right-to-repair-law-will-fundamentally-change-tesla-repair) that requires car makers to provide independent mechanics access to the same diagnostic tools used in dealerships.The auto industry has been fighting this for decades.They gave in a little back in the 90's with OBDII, but that was only for the most absolute basics.
He’s against stock shorting because he knows it could happen to his insanely inflated Tesla stock. This might come as a shock to some but he’s actually a selfish person
Might be worth contacting that Tesla owner to see if they had Sentry Mode running when the suspect literally walked right past it. Although I guess at this point the month-old footage has likely been overwritten.
I think the scenarios you’re laying out aren’t totally comparable. In the case of Tesla, yes, shorts lost a lot of money but the ability to remain in, and exit their positions was never an issue as far as I am aware. Any loses were more do to stubborn conviction, and relatively quantifiable by the shorts at any given time. Apple taking a 1% dip may represent a paper loss similar in dollar value, but no one is forced to sell at that dip and realize that loss, and even if they did, again it is known and quantifiable. With The current situation the squeeze potential is enormous and potential losses cannot really be quantified because they are theoretically infinite. Shorts in this circumstance, unlike Tesla, may not be able to close out their positions for some time due to lack of liquidity and/or risk of triggering a cascading squeeze. Because these losses have the potential to be massive for the funds themselves and even threaten their solvency, the risk can easily spill over into the brokerage houses as well, setting up a domino situation. This current situation isn’t as much about the total losses realized thus far by the funds, in that case you are right, more money has been lost before. The fear from the institutions is more about their inability to measure how bad their losses *could* be and their inability to control it.
Was looking at the Tesla homepage yesterday, he should definitely make a new series: Model GME
I would 100% buy a Tesla if I could swing one from this
Tesla. Him watching us drain the earth's resources to make electricity whcih is freely available
I’m starting to think this stock is going to just turn into the next Tesla stock just a constant short battle and people buying for no reason, BECAUSE THEY LIKE THE STOCK!! why sell when the possibilities are endless??
Just bought 140 shares this evening. Thank you RK for your initial thesis, and for putting in the work to present a golden DD that showcases the reality of business and big finance in the US and around the world.Why should only big money decide who gets to live and who goes down under?I'm in this company because I believe in its status as a symbol of a modern age story of change, adaptation, innovation and community or grass-roots backed financing.If it weren't for Tesla and the people who believed in it, when all the big hedge funds were trying for years to put it down under, who knows where we would've been today in EV tech and industry.GME, for better or worse, is waking people up to the realization that we, as individuals, still possess the same power as we always have: the power to unite, collaborate and structure ourselves around ideas in order to bring them to reality.People are starting to realize that not only can they affect change in their societies by the power of their vote, but they can also do it by the power of their wallet, regardless of its weight. Same as in social activism, financial activism relies on organizing ourselves, in chasing reform and change that has positive impact on our local and global communities alike.Wealth inequality needs to be tackled at all levels of society, not just by policy. The system is wide and far-reaching and we must use everything available to us so that we may carve the life we want for ourselves and our children.GME is a good company, with a solid investment thesis and more importantly, the potential to transition into something that our generation of gamers sorely needs. There is real potential here, why should they go bankrupt just because a handful of suits decided it's in their own best financial interest?Save and transform! Enough killing and profiting off of it.I'm sending a message, as I know you all are. This will be heard and this will have an impact. Never stop believing this.Remember, change is a long game of attrition which will be won only by those who will endure its tides.I am not selling! Fired up and ready to fucking go!
 The year is 2041. I’m at home watching TV with my wife and kids. A trailer comes on for a movie called, “The Big Squeeze”. A single tear runs down my face. My wife puts her hand on my leg she knows. My kids say the want to see the movie, so we make plans to see it later that day. We get into our Tesla, in-part, powered by $BB. We’re driving down the street and pass a $GME. The kids say they really want to go there to build a new PC. Finally, we pulled into the parking lot of $AMC. As were are walking into the theater, I get a call on $APPL implant through the $NOK 5G network. It’s a call from u/deepfuckingvalue, and old friend.
Tesla went to a thousand, did a 5:1 stock split, then rocketed to over 800 again. And the media wants me to think Reddit is the problem.
Elon didn't create PayPal or Tesla, he bought them from the inventors.He's a modern day Edison or Steve Jobs, buying his way to bigger fortunes without developing much of anything himself.
Approximation: 55% drag, 43% rolling resistance and 2% fixed consumption for a Tesla Model 3 at 100 km/h (compared to almost 80% drag for a Jeep Wranger with Cd = 0.58). Assuming 20&ampdegC, no climate control, flat ground, dry asphalt. Drag: Formula from [engineeringtoolbox](https://www.engineeringtoolbox.com/drag-coefficient-d_627.html). Cd from specs, frontal area I've used width x height of the car excluding side mirrors, air density from [here](https://www.engineeringtoolbox.com/air-density-specific-weight-d_600.html). Rolling resistance: [Table and formula](https://www.engineeringtoolbox.com/rolling-friction-resistance-d_1303.html), I used the formula for "air filled tires on dry roads" with parameters for speed and tire pressure.Fixed consumption: Some energy is spent whether or not the car is moving - instruments, headlights, infotainment, climate control, etc. On my EV that's about 300W at 20&ampdegC when climate control is turned off, so that's the number I've used.Variables: * Temperature: On an EV any climate control uses the battery, and air is more dense at lower temperatures. (About 16% denser at -20&ampdegC compared to +20&ampdegC, so drag increases proportionally.) Altitude too affects the air density.* Elevation changes: Driving uphill uses more energy, so the drag percentage will be smaller. Going downhill it's the other way around.* Road surface: Rolling resistance is noticably higher with rain/snow/sleet on the road, and if you're driving on unpaved roads or loose sand the numbers can look quite different.
This is exactly why I got a dash cam. A Tesla rolled back into me at a red light (while I was honking). Driver got out and yelled at me for hitting them.
I just got a Tesla electric vehicle, and nearly everything is controlled on this big iPad thing.  There are days when I wish that they had added a few more manual controls, like for the headlights and windshield wiper speed.
This graph is basically saying that the stock market went up and Tesla stock went up a lot.
Now you can laugh at him as you park your Tesla on his grave.
Told my dad to buy Tesla stock back in Jan 2017 when I was taking a financial literacy in high school because I got it in the stock simulation game and crushed it. My dad laughed right back at me
Lol who the fuck invests in gourds, was Tesla stock just too mainstream?
Tesla should in that case make it so FSD is tied to the owners account and not the car.
I've got 100k of margin available. For every 100 upvotes this gets, I'll buy 100 more shares in it. It's all going against my Tesla shares so it's gonna be one YOLO or the other that rides me to Valhalla, shiny and chrome.
This is very stupid yes, but they’re faking. The Tesla’s safety system of Auto Pilot requires the driver the put a slight torque on the steering wheel every 30 seconds or so. (Source: I own a Tesla)
It must be cool to own both a tesla and heroin
Exactly. At least, Tesla has an AI driver that really works very well, and this video shows it.
So Tesla has also builtin ghost sensor.
The counter example would be Tesla which LOST money forever and only had one profitable year and now is seen as the biggest success story ever. The company has over the course of its existence lost Billions and yet its CEO is the wealthiest man in the world.
Tesla was never valued at $.33. Even accounting for the split. This is a post of lies.
Tesla is a stock company, cars are just a side project.
It's still insane, that Tesla is worth that much, they are not  even close to Toyota or VW, when it comes to sales
No it means Tesla has much less debt than the other companies. TEV = market cap + debt. This also makes sense because lenders are probably much more comfortable providing debt to companies with stable, and much more significant earnings than Tesla. Moreover lenders are going to be much slower to react than the public markets and Tesla’s mkt cap increased by 700% or something in 2020
So wait does he think Tesla or Amazon are both public buisnesses then?
To give some bit of context, this is a Tesla Model X, which are notoriously difficult to work on, mainly because everything is very crammed together for more storage, cabin space, and mechanisms for all the automatic doors. Because of this, you typically have to remove entire corners of a car for what would be otherwise simple repairs on the rest of our lineup. The reason so much of the interior is removed here is because the trim piece in front of all the mechanical bits is held down primarily by other trim pieces. It's overwhelming the first few times, especially on the road, but being a newer model, they've since made it easier
Important question: was he driving a Tesla? 🚀🧑‍🚀
Owning tesla is confirmed infinite money glitch
Based on linked in this guy was at google preipo (I heard avg employee made 5m in pip in 2005!) . And worked in tech for almost 20 years. I would be very surprised if tesla stock ( and this account 6 of 6) is more than half of his nw.  So not you avg wsb retard. Not one of us.
Tesla stock reminds me so much of AOL before the dot com bubble. That stock is out of control at this point and it's not sustainable. Not saying tesla is a bad company just saying the stock price is massively inflated to unhealthy levels.
MFW I sold 30k worth of Tesla now worth multiple millions of dollars
The stock market is weird. Musk literally did not do much publicly these past few days except his tweets and he becomes the richest person in the world because other people wants to buy Tesla stock at ever higher prices.
$600? That's not even a single share of Tesla.Worst Christmas EVER!
this dude must have been pissed buying a new tesla with 70% battery
This pic has over 100 potential cross-posts on reddit. Tesla, dog, unethical life pro tips, idiots in cars etc etc
Everyone knows that on Monday morning, ahead of the opening, Tesla will be added to the S&ampP 500! That makes today's closing price the big one. Oh, by the way, today is also a quadruple witching expiration event..LET'S ALL THANK ELON FOR THE TENDIES!!!!
Nikola Tesla did not invent the light bulb, and neither did Thomas Edison. Incandescent bulbs were invented independently all around the world, but Edison was the first to make them reliable enough for widespread use.
Tesla out here doing the semi different
“The young surviving cub, nicknamed ‘Einhorn’, was struck by a stray Tesla driver later that day”
Good. As much as I appreciate how Tesla has changed the personal transportation game, their business practices and business model are absolute bullshit. Sorry but if I spent money on a product from any manufacturer, I can do with it as I choose. Requiring permission to repair, having the manufacturer still have control (however minuscule) over the product I just spent my money on will always drive me away from that producer, no matter who it is.
I always wanted a "sorry" and a "thank you" light as well.You know the feeling of cutting someone off accidentally, a couple flashes of the sorry light would be great. When someone let's you cut, or does something else Friendly, you could flash the Thanks. Would work better then me just yelling it out loud in the car... I feel like this is the type of thing tesla would take up...
If you think about it. Our trucks are moving through the solar system at 10,000 meters per second. Beat that tesla
Tesla “autopilot” is level 2 not even close to autonomous. It shouldn’t be called autopilot. The system even warns you you need to be ready to take control the entire time. That means alert and hands on wheel. The name “autopilot” is misleading. It’s cruise control with extra sensors.Also, read this study: https://newsroom.aaa.com/2019/12/long-term-use-of-advanced-driver-assistance-technologies-can-result-in-disengaged-drivers/
Its V4 wireless supercharging system. /sAll jokes aside, the high voltage wires underground run similar to underground power lines and are waterproof/grounded. At the supercharger post itself, its waterproof with only power that's always active being a low voltage power system (for car communication). None of the posts have high voltage power until a handshake with the car to establish circuit. This is not just Tesla. Its ALL EV charging systems.EDIT: Editing my own comment to add some more info and answer FAQ.The car HAS to communicate with the charging station for it to provide power to the car. The moment the charger is disconnected from the car, the entire station (cable, post, etc. all lose the high power flowing through it). Its not like a gas pump where it still "drips" gas after you stop pumping.You can drop the charger in water and you're not going to get electrocuted. You can stick your finger in the charger and you won't get electrocuted (I've done it to remove debris). These are no some "dumb" wall outlets. They are extremely complex in safety and design. And yes, of course you can drive and charge the car even if its raining. The cars have wipers.Source: Own a Tesla, built level 2 EV charging stations, have read IEC 61851 docs.
Just a reminder Tesla hit 420 today. Funding is secured boys.
Was there any more proof we needed that all they had going for them was "we want to be Tesla" hype than the fact that their idea of "original" was to use his *first name?*
Realistically, this guy is gonna spend 2k on hookers, 1k on chicken tendies, and then lose 27k in Tesla puts.
I hate to say this one because it’s probably the most ridiculous but I genuinely believe that Trump family being time travelers is **possible**.  The background behind the conspiracy is somewhat uncanny and all the sources are incredibly legitimate. But I never hear about it. Pretty much, it starts with an author from the late 1800s (Ingersoll Lockwood) who wrote a handful of books. The first is a fantasy book called “The Marvelous Adventures of Baron Trump” about a “Baron Trump” who was mentored by a “Don”. “Baron” and “Don” are technically titles in the book, but also the name of Trump and his youngest son. The book touches on some issues with power and vanity by leaders in power, and creates a huge parallel between fantasy and generally shitty/arrogant people. Not a lot of connection there except the names and essentially describing Trump in the fantasy characters. The other important book is the one that hits home, “The Last President”, by the exact same author, is about a wealthy man in NY who is elected president, but he wasn’t expected to and people are incredibly upset, rioting, etc., mostly over capitalists taking over the country. Chapter one literally opens up with riots overpowering police after an election on **November 3rd**, 1896, saying that “the 5th Avenue hotel will be the first to feel the fury of the mob”.Now, some connections beyond the obvious:- November 3rd, 2020 happens to be Election Day this year - The 5th Avenue hotel mentioned in the book has been replaced by none other than Trump Tower- The secretary in the book is “Lafe Pence”Coincidence, right?  Well, fast forward a bit because in the 1940s before he died, Nikola Tesla had made tons of other invention claims, like perfecting his “death beam”, progress in a time machine, etc. Also during that time, the FBI had an “Office of Alien Property” (like foreign - not UFOs) from which the assistant FBI Director Foxworth had sent people to seize all of Tesla’s research shortly after he died, in hopes some of it may be useful. Welllll, after seizing it, they hired none other than Dr John Trump (Donald Trump’s uncle) to solely analyze all the paperwork under federal custody to keep privacy.  Dr. Trump publicly claimed that the research was only speculative and “did not include new, sound, workable principles or methods for realizing such results”. The Tesla papers were never published and, after a few decades, majority of his research was deemed “lost” by both the US government and the Soviet Union and what remains is somewhere in Yugoslavia, I believe at a museum. So essentially, the idea is that Trump’s uncle discovered time travel through Tesla’s research and hid/copied what was valuable (or dangerous) to keep out of government control. Then him, Baron, or someone (or all?) in the family has used it to create the wealth that the Trump family has. Theoretically, time travel may not work like we see in movies so what they can accomplish could be limited to a few good choices and leaving their mark behind in these books. EDIT:  That was a long type so I’m not going to go start copying/pasting sources on mobile, but the books/author can be found scanned free to read on the Library of Congress website and the info about Trump’s uncle is in multiple spots all over the internet. I absolutely recommend reading The Last President. It is short and mirrors current society very much. The quotes referencing Trump tower give me chills.
if you read through this post, the guy made all of it on tesla puts.&amp#x200Bwe should mod this guy
NY times article from 2018 when compensation package was signed.[Tesla’s Elon Musk May Have Boldest Pay Plan in Corporate History](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/01/23/business/dealbook/tesla-elon-musk-pay.html?&ampampcf=1)&gtBut to put these numbers in perspective, Tesla is worth only about $59 billion today.&gtIf Mr. Musk were somehow to increase the value of Tesla to $650 billion — a figure many experts would contend is laughably impossible and would make Tesla one of the five largest companies in the United States, based on current valuations — his stock award could be worth as much as $55 billion &gtMr. Musk’s critics — and there are many — are likely to contend that the new compensation plan is just the company’s latest publicity stunt.&gtBut Mr. Musk’s compensation plan is no illusion: He gets paid only if the company succeeds over the long term with significant gains in market cap. And it’s impossible for him to manipulate the system by trying to prop up the stock price for a temporary period. &gtUnder the terms of the arrangement, even once his shares vest, he has to hold them an additional five years before he is allowed to sell them.&gtAs executive compensation plans go, Tesla’s is about as friendly to shareholders as they come. Many other companies have installed outsize packages that often come at the expense of shareholders because the executives get paid even when they underperform their peers.
aight so some of you seem to still like crawling into Elons ass, so here maybe some useful links https://www.reddit.com/r/FellowKids/comments/h0xuan/lol/ftp6uib?utm_medium=android_app&amputm_source=share          Fuck Elon Musk.[Crushes unionization attempts at tesla factories, promising free frozen yogurt in return.](https://www.buzzfeed.com/carolineodonovan/musk-slams-union-drive-in-email-to-employees) [Employees at Tesla suffer twice as many serious workplace injuries than the industry average.](http://www.businessinsider.com/tesla-injuries-rates-higher-industry-average-worksafe-2017-5) [Forced to pay out ~$4 Million in a class action lawsuit to 4,100 SpaceX employees who say the company refused to allow them to take legally mandated breaks during the workday, as a consequence of how the company structured its shift patterns.](https://www.inverse.com/article/31478-spacex-settles-underpaid-workers-lawsuit-for-4-million) [Uses public money to fund private ventures, costing taxpayers $4.9B.](http://www.detroitnews.com/story/opinion/2016/05/09/elon-musk-tesla-crony/84169496/) [Musk fires Tesla worker for testing positive for THC, then goes on the Joe Rogan show and smokes weed himself. In reality the worker was fired for her union organizing and supporting the United Autoworkers Union.](https://thehill.com/policy/technology/405711-ex-tesla-employee-fired-for-failing-drug-test-musk-smoking-like-a-slap-in) [Wants to privatize space travel, leaving colonization and exploration to to the richest few.](https://www.salon.com/2017/10/08/against-mars-a-lago-why-spacexs-mars-colonization-plan-should-terrify-you/) Despite rumours of Musk being a self-made mad scientist genius, he was born into a wealthy white South African family, and his [father owns an emerald mine](https://www.businessinsider.co.za/how-elon-musks-family-came-to-own-an-emerald-mine-2018-2) . His wealth comes not from scientific discovery or innovation, but from his father funding his first business ventures, and from buying and selling companies such as PayPal, SolarCity, SpaceX, and Tesla.[Musk takes advantage of international crises to raise Tesla's stock price. In one case, Musk promised to "fix" Puerto Rico's power grid after it was decimated by Hurricane Maria.](http://inthesetimes.com/article/20601/elon-musk-puerto-rico-privatization-utility-climate-solar-rossello) [Despite being hailed as a leader in the fight against climate change, he donates 7x more money to Republicans. “Is it any surprise that a union-busting capitalist donated heavily to the Republican Party? No,”](https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/elon-musk-donations-republicans_us_5b4e4bd8e4b0b15aba897481) [Fired his assistance of 12 years for asking for a raise. Divorced his wife after telling her that his life "operated quite smoothly" in her absence.](https://jalopnik.com/elon-musk-is-a-jerk-that-once-fired-his-assistant-of-12-1797699824) [As a PR stunt, Musk promised to build a mini-submarine to rescue a boys soccer team that got trapped in a Thai cave in 2018. After receiving vitriol from the Thai and rescue community, Musk called one of the cave rescuers, a pedophile](https://www.vox.com/2018/7/18/17576302/elon-musk-thai-cave-rescue-submarine) [Rocket jesus broken promises #1](https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughMuskSpam/comments/73eh4m/tracking_elon_musks_visions_promises_and/) [Tried to destroy a whistleblower after his unsafe violations were exposed.](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2019-03-13/when-elon-musk-tried-to-destroy-tesla-whistleblower-martin-tripp)
Because Musk has a literal tesla-cult that follows everything he does and says, then jizzes on it, claims it is the best thing since sliced bread, and then berates anyone who disagrees.They're fucking psycho, and want nothing other than Musk to cum in their Tesla for them.Come at me cultists.
Musk  behaving like a lumbering idiot who can’t seem to understand basic ideas about public safety, health, how viruses work, or when to keep his mouth shut.He is a rich, middle-aged factory owner who wants his production lines back at full capacity so he can continue to make a buck on his electric cars (disclosure, I lease a Tesla Model 3, a decision I increasingly question with every Musk quote). His tweets aren’t about American freedom. They aren’t about people’s rights. They are about his desire to profit during a global pandemic.This has been an ongoing campaign from Musk. First (like Trump) he downplayed the “panic” caused by COVID-19. Then he played armchair scientist, musing that hydroxychloroquine would be effective treatment for the virus (it’s not — in fact it might be killing people). In the eleventh hour, he suggested he might help front-line medical workers by providing ventilators to hospitals. Then he never sent any. Then he lied about it (on Twitter, of course).He's a hypocrite and people need to understand this.**Edit:** Thanks for the explanation to the top comment. Stay safe you all.
The late great David Bowie already gave us the best possible portrayal of Tesla.
Tesla 1984
Tesla deserved better
XQC is probably speculating on when it's allowed for the Tesla to drive completely autonomously LULW
He said in french "He has a tesla but no driver's license" while laughing if anyone wondered
Bough a Tesla and doesn't even have a license LULW
TSLA $1250 Puts expiring 7/24 - Sell when tesla bottoms out at 1135-1185 and  throw 80% of profits into 3500 Sept Call
Tesla charging services center
AMD was a steal, for past reference:* Apple is x4 now compared to end of 2012* Amazon is x10* AMD is x20* Tesla is x27* Bitcoin is x670 (though if you want to convert that into a non-crypto currency you lose a certain %, not sure how much)
Here is what's happening. He is aligning himself with the type of people who are against the idea of electric cars. Tesla trucks will go from being a purchase for environmentally conscious, forward thinking individuals to being a symbol of rebellion, questioning the government, and badassery. Sales will skyrocket in rural areas and custom full body wraps with the confederate flag will be common.
Tesla was definitely one of the most underrated geniuses of his time. I believe he died penniless in 1943.
Nikola Tesla was tasked with lighting up the world's fair but Thomas Edison wouldn't allow him to use any of his patents so Tesla had to invent a new lightbulb that didn't use any of Edison's patents and could still have thousands made in time for the event.
&gt had emailed “internal schematics and line drawings of the physical layouts of certain Tesla warehouses” to his personal email address with the words “you sly dog you...” along with other documentsLmao clearly he thought he was being a sly dog
Her boyfriend owns a Tesla, she ain't fucking complaining.
&gtkarma farmingLike a random, low quality picture of a dog on r/pics, but the title is a HUGE paragraph &gtthis is my good girl BFF who struggled to hold onto life for 13 years to help me with depression during my battle with cancer after I was orphaned because my parents died in their Tesla while taking me to see Keanu in theatre after donating to Bernie...just wish I could boop her snoot one more time! I’ll miss you sweet pupper RIP&gt10k+ upvotes
"What one should really fear is not a competent enemy, but an incompetent ally." -Albert Tesla
I was obsessed with Japan when I was in high school and my mum sent me there for an exchange year. At the time Japan was known as a country with advanced technology and I had read that the taxis had doors that opened for the passenger. I thought it would be something like the back to the future/tesla model x doors. The biggest disappointment was that it was just a lever the driver pulls and its an ordinary car. I had also read up a lot about a culture of perfection where even stray leaves were removed from gardens, meals were perfectly balanced to the seasons, people were modest and crime was low.As a 16 year old school girl I was molested twice walking home, my wallet was stolen, my host family preferred eating McDonald's, they had televisions running in every room of their house every waking hour and I was made fun of for reading books. I was supposed to be there for a year but was so homesick I left three months early. To be fair a lot of that was because of my host family, we were pretty poorly matched. I later went to work in Hokkaido when I finished uni and had a great time there as the people are a lot more relaxed. I also really liked my school and particularly my tea ceremony teacher who was an amazingly talented and kind lady. I now work for a Japanese company and my colleagues and boss are great.
As the mom of 2 boys on the autism spectrum this made me tear up.  And to those who are saying he will be hurt when he is friend zoned, trust me when I say I am sure this young man is thrilled to have a friend.  I hope they have a wonderful time together!ETA:  Screw whoever said I was selfish for having 2 kids on the autism spectrum.  My boys are smart, kind and empathetic.  One has already graduated from high school and my other son is a junior who gets A's and B's in most subjects.  They may not be "typical" in some ways but screw typical. They are insanely gifted when it comes to computer animation and 3D graphics.  BTW, others who have had/have autism include: Albert Einstein, Thomas Jefferson, Ben Franklin, Bill Gates, Andy Warhol, Dan Aykroyd, Temple Grandin, Tim Burton, Sir Isaac Newton, Nikola Tesla, Jerry Seinfeld, Stanley Kubrick and Mozart...to name a few.So do I think I am selfish?  Fuck no!  I know my kids are way better than the piece of shit you are and will contribute more to society than your sorry ass.
Tesla.
Tesla?
ULPT: if you have to make a sudden move in traffic, aim for the Tesla. We get footage, and it has self braking.
Playing my new VR headset while charging my Tesla at the charging station. Also, we don’t have to wear respirators outside.
I'm not sure if this counts, but Tesla.I love their technology and what they are doing for the automotive sector but they are not without fault. But don't tell that to their hardcore fans.
A Tesla is the worst car to pick for a joyride. Not only do we have valet mode, but we also can see where the car is at all times and control some settings by phone. Glad OPs car was not damaged.
Soooo, can armoured tesla cars with turrets on them be added to the arsenal of the internet?
Fun Fact about Tesla : Once he paid an overdue hotel bill with a box containing a working model of his ‘death beam‘, warning employees never to open it because of the danger. They hid the box &amp when it was discovered years later &amp opened, found to contain old (harmless) electrical parts.   What a guy.
Neither does my Tesla.  Weird.
Sweeet I can order the car, forget about it, 4 months later it shows up at my house with Tesla spelt like Tezla in the color I didn’t order
This boy is going to head inside and start his new book on projection of homosexuality onto those someone holds envy against. Then he's gonna buy his 2nd Tesla.
Hating Tesla owners is becoming a trend or what
I just want to see some random person getting 100 Tesla owning guests show up at his house unexpectedly due to this feature AI deciding his home is the "most fun place visited by Tesla owners" because he goes there every day as part of his commute...
Elon Musk on Twitter:&gt" To be clear, consumers will still be able to buy a Tesla, but the clearing price will rise significantly, as a fully autonomous car that can function as a robotaxi is several times more valuable than a non-autonomous car "[https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1148106891270115328](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1148106891270115328)
Tesla: gas is bad
Tesla already wanted to use earth, wind, and water as energy sources way before they were need because “it would benefit society”. My man really was way ahead of his time.
I don't think these are new releases.They were on the website back in 2016:https://web.archive.org/web/20161103022355/https://vault.fbi.gov/nikola-tesla
The trick is owning a Tesla. The cat very likely doesn't even realize it's in a car.
1. My payments are $1500 a month!2. Actually I make more than that on steam.3. That's like half of my youtube ad revenue.4. I'm gonna be able make a ton of money when tesla pays me to make videos.5. My house is worth 300k.Give me money!
He’s still just as needy and pathetic, only now he wants a Tesla.
He used Louis C.K.'s "of course, but maybe" segment as a serious argument for US involvement in the Middle East.  He was such a counterculture a-hole that, when he asked "who's your hero?" he added "please don't say Tesla, too many people idolize him."Somewhere between that and the fact that he's a dead fish during sex made me go "oh, shit, uh... no thanks."
A normal Duracell MN1500 (AA) battery is rated at 2,850mAh at 1.5V giving them a rating of 4.275Wh, they are also 50.5mm longThe usable space in the frunk of a model S is apparently about 700mm, so I'm going to assume that is how long the batteries are.The batteries in the frunk are 700/50.5 = 13.86 longer than the original giving us a 13.86^3 = 2663 times grater volume, I'm going to assume this directly translates to capacity, meaning each battery has 2663*4.257Wh = 11.337Kwh capacity.With a 11.33Kw*2 = 22.66Kwh extra battery a Tesla 3 can get an additional 22.66Kwh/(19.2Kwh/100km) = 118Km of range. or 24.44 leagues
Growing up we had to tow our Tesla with the camel to charge it
Growing up we had to charge our Tesla uphill both ways in the snow, using hand cranked generators
My aunt and uncle rented a Tesla this past weekend just to visit my fam and my jaw dropped when i took it for a little joy ride. I need it in my life. My body is ready.
When I was growing up, we were so poor we had to just sit and talk while our Tesla charged.
If by “sit on the fence” you mean I can’t fucking afford it, then ya.I need a truck.  Those haven’t really hit market yet.   Also, I have my title and a it’s a 20 year old, $5k vehicle at best.  So, to “go green” I’ve got to shell out $700-800 a month maybe someday for a Tesla, a Rivian, or some other yet to be delivered model.I’m not averse to the tech at all.   It excites me! But I won’t bankrupt my family to do it.
My son just came out of the womb said “mommy when I turn 30 I’m gonna by you a Tesla because honestly electric-powered cars are the future and with the amount of carbon emissions right now we seriously need to start looking for alternatives.” He’s 5 minutes old ❤️😭
It's powered separately.  Here's a blog post with several more pictures: http://www.curbsideclassic.com/blog/road-trip/road-trip-outtake-remote-mitchell-oregon-population-130-has-a-tesla-charging-station-but-no-gas-station-a-portend-of-the-future/The charger doesn't seem to be "official" it's not listed on Tesla's map but it is a Tesla-branded charger.  Perhaps the owner of the parcel bought the charger and had it installed to inspire people to pull off of US 29 and come have a look at the side street.
Tesla. But man most of the fans are blind followers and can’t take any criticism at all. Actually that’s a problem with most fans of anything.
A better video would be to take it to a Tesla dealership and try to get warranty coverage.  Then tell them with a straight face that it isn't modded.
Look forward to when self-driving cars are the norm so accidents drop to virtually zero so cars are designed with comfort and entertainment in mind.I would work all day Friday, hop in the car and play games and then crash, and wake up in New Orleans or Chicago or Florida for the weekend.Come Sunday when we're done partying, hop back in the car and sleep and be home in time for Monday morning.Bonus points for these cars being electric and the Doctor Octopus Tesla chargers being standard so it wouldn't even cost anything and it would stop and recharge and then take off again all on its own.Not to mention the first person to create an affordable, luxury electric RV with solar roof and self-driving will be a gazillionaire.  So many people would happily give up their home for a nice RV and live life on the road with a vehicle that doubles as a home and costs nearly nothing to upkeep and allows them to visit anywhere they want and live there on a whim.There's so much potential for our future if we can just sort our shit out and stop fighting with each other over nonsense for a while.Hope I see it before I die.
Honestly seems like it would have been a prank. I've seen a few videos online with Tesla drivers doing that.
That car probably drives better than most of the distracted drivers on our California freeways.  When I see a Tesla using a turning signal I know it’s Elon Musk’s computer driving and not the owner.
Or a tesla with dog mode on?
Answer: there's no one reason. They could be climate change deniers, angry at electric cars for not being gas-based, and this is their way of mocking them. They could be blaming Tesla for the loss of jobs in the fossil fuel industry. They could just not like change, and think that EVs are ridiculous. At the base, it's people angry with the thought that electric vehicles are replacing internal combustion cars, because they don't believe in any of the reasons to get an EV. This is how they protest.
That Tesla dude? Yeah, he’s cool
If you can afford a Tesla, I'd wager that you're not in the $80/night hotel range.
Shit thats $80 saved from hotel booking. Thank you tesla.
Bay Area police have discovered that if you pull in front of a Tesla that is driving itself and slowly come to a stop the Tesla will do the same without hitting the police car. What a time to be alive!
It’s an M3, we’ve been good friends for a while, and we live in a condo complex. She’s been interested in one for a while so I told her she could borrow it while I was out of town. I borrow her truck all the time to get things the Tesla is too small for. For example our TV.
Let your neighbor borrow your Tesla....is this staged?
Noooo not the Tesla
Blake Bortles bought a Tesla in an attempt to quit dipping because he figured it would make him go to the gas station less. Blake Bortles slander will not be tolerated
Just thought everyone should know that all Tesla games can only be played while the car is in park. No, you can't play it while the car is in autopilot.
Im in AZ with rooftop solar and saving up for a Tesla. I must be satan in these people's minds.
East Virginia isn't shown on maps of America due to a gentleman's agreement between Abraham Lincoln and Nicola Tesla
Does Tesla or SpaceX produce the LEGO Star Wars Ultimate Collector’s Series Slave I? Didn’t think so.
"Tesla burning cash with excessive luxuries such as 2-ply toilet paper." /s
Am I the only one weary of quit your bullshit posts where Elon Musk (who surely wouldn't have a motive to depict Tesla in a positive light) just says "nuh-uh" without further evidence to articles of independent journalists?
Yeah, u/FredTesla hasn't posted on reddit for over two weeks.Here is the chain of events that lead us here:* Tesla makes a very generous referral program.* Fred Lambert uses said program to generate a shit-tonne of money by writing silly puff pieces about Tesla.* Tesla removes the referral program.* Fred Lambert throws an entitled hissy fit.* Elon Musk calls him on his bullshit.* The tone on Electrek changes drastically, and instead of vapid puff pieces, Fred now writes articles claiming that Tesla are running out of toilet paper.
I work for Tesla. Just checked my email. It’s true. A mod can reach out and verify my credentials.
Answer: there is an "official" tesla pornhub accountSo first off you had the video with people having sex in a teslaOf course legend that he is, Elon musk reffered to itand now you have a pornhub account for Telsa that is verified, it is called Official\_Tesla or something like thatIt is a meme account (it should be noted that appearently it is pretty easy to get verified on pornhub so it could be someone not connected to tesla in any way) but the account has a lot off "meme-info" likeFavorite music: gas gas gasturn on: hands free drivingturn off: manual drivingi think it is hilarious, i'll link the account if i find it
Answer: Somebody posted a video on Pornhub where they have sex while driving in a Tesla with Autopilot activated (not sure if it's okay to post link, but it's not hard to find, just search there for "Tesla"). Musk responded with a tweet: https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1126589271454785536
The reason I haven’t purchased a Tesla yet isn’t because I’m “on the fence about it” but rather because I’m “kinda broke right now”
yeah, account tesla official on pornhub is verified
The Tesla of meats
Why the hell is this on an old car? Why can’t we have this on cars these days?! Tesla or some car company get on this!
No way that camera didn't catch the license plate as that truck pulled out I'm sure the video was cut before that for legal reasons but no doubt the Tesla owner has a pending lawsuit against those cock-juggling-thundercunts.
From article:The federal court judge set a 22 October trial date.Mr Musk is being sued by Vern Unsworth, who helped rescue the 12 boys from Thailand's Tham Luang caves.The Tesla boss called Mr Unsworth a "pedo" in a Twitter post after the Briton said Mr Musk's attempt to help in the rescue was a "PR stunt".
If you affording a Tesla I think you well off enough to fix yo fucking car
aw, poor tesla
Since Tesla was born in 1856, and this is 1819, you could conceivably be his father or grandfather.
Nikola tesla is your descendant
- SEC trying to control Elon's tweet.-&gt Elon uses Tesla account.
See if Tesla can pull the logs and determine if the steering input was you or the computer. That’s an impressive maneuver either way.
This morning I was rear ended coming to a stop by a lady driving about 40-50 mph. The swerve in the video is not me. I don’t really remember in the moment but I think it was the Tesla that avoided the front collision. Saved me from bigger damage. It’s been less than one month since I got it.
I’d rather fuck a Tesla than a girlfriend.
To be fair, you really should compare the Etron against 2012 Tesla Model S.  They only said "Tesla Killer", but they didn't specify what year or model.  /s
I read a news article somewhere that police in California (?) figured out they could stop them by boxing it in and then having all the cars surrounding it start braking. The Tesla see this as traffic and eventually comes to a complete stop. At which point they woke the driver &amp gave him his tickets. If I remember correctly, he was upset that they woke him up.
They knock off most other brands... why not Tesla?
This is what I love about Tesla. Some shit went down and they’re going to figure out why like yesterday.
Apparently. Several news sites reported it. Tesla is flying engineers to examine what may have caused it.
Tesla, now brought to you by Samsung.
All I see is a couple of bunnies who are about to poop and pee all over that Tesla.
Answer:  The socks emoji refers to him calling them [sock puppets](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1117510481625763840).  He's saying the newspaper is being used as a tool of the anti-Tesla forces (big oil, short sellers, etc.)  [Wikipedia entry on sockpuppet (internet)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sockpuppet_(Internet))
Mr. Musk?? I was hoping you would lik this drawing and maybe send tesla? i amvery sad u do not notice me :(((
Also: Tesla called me about five minutes after: "Hi, we think your car might have been in an accident". Yes, yes I was.  "Will you be needing assistance?"  Oh hells yes.
[70 miles, apparently.](https://www.gazettenet.com/First-electric-bus-picking-up-schoolchildren-in-Amherst-7548159)  My Tesla loses up to 30% range in the cold.  But school buses aren't doing hundreds of miles in a day, so I'd imagine they cope just fine, and charge at the end of the day (or even mid-day).
I hear Brad Brace once bit a brown recluse, and gave it Brad Brace-like powers. I hear that spider is now secretly running Tesla, and I don't mean the company.
As an aside, I have no idea what this computer is or what it's user's usage habits are. I'm just going to assume that it's a new Surface Pro 6, and the owner isn't using it to play Overwatch on full brightness and 100% volume, but something not very intensive. The battery life of this computer is rated at 13.5 hours (810min) with a 360 mWh Li-Polymer battery.If 6% of the battery is left, it means 6%*T= (151hr+21min), where T is the total battery life. Converting to minutes, you have 6%*T= 9081min. Solving, you get T=151,350min, or 105 days.I don't know how much the battery in the Surface Pro weighs and I'm not going to take my computer apart to weigh it, so I'll say it weighs 1 lb. OP's computed has a battery that lasts 187x longer than the Surface Pro, so that means in order to have a laptop that will last that long, you would need a 67,300mWh (67Wh) battery that weighs 187lbs (85kg).By comparison, a Tesla battery weighs 1,200 Lbs (544kg) and sits at 85000 Wh.Looking at the comparison, I probably couldn't just multiply the battery's weight and power by 187 proportionately, but I'm not a battery expert so a linear approximation is the best that I can give you.
Occurred on April 26, 2018 / Sunnyvale, California, USA"I was on my lunch break to take a look at my friend’s new Tesla Model 3. As I was sitting in the passenger side checking out her new car, a woman first approached the car and removed the charger. I thought it was a meter lady or something so I did not say anything to my friend. Next thing you know, the lady came and knocked on the door and once she opened the car, the lady started to saying that the car was blue and that this car was hers. The car was in fact was gray. Perhaps the stolen blue umbrella makes it appears that color. Why did I say stolen? Because my company keeps blue umbrellas in the lobby for the rainy days. At first, I thought it was a joke. Then she said it again the 2nd time, and then the 3rd. At this point, I had the iPhone in my hand so I started recording it. Her request to my friends to plug it in seems completely unreasonable as plugging the charger proves nothing. As you can see, the lady started shouting and screaming at the top of her lungs. I was worried for my friend's safety and so I rushed out while keeping the camera on. I feared for my friend's safety because she was carrying that stolen umbrella. I am glad she backed away. After she left, campus security finally came and I told him the entire story. He confirmed that she was in the lobby earlier asking about a birthday party of which there was none. Security asked me to document this incident, and I wrote up an email and sent it along with my video footage of the incident. I got permission from my friend to post the video and to remind people that there are crazy people out there and you need to be careful all the time."Source: https://www.bitchute.com/video/9xoPYsqGIxhT/
Finally, the $35,000 Tesla is here!
It’s down right bizarre how people are angry at Tesla.  I hope this woman has to pay damages and get tossed in prison for a month.  
Lets see:* He uploads a video where the twitter profile of the winner is popping up before he even draws. * He congratulates the guy that won the Tesla.* He deletes the video saying twitter had problems compressing the video.* The community decides to check what was going on. * He randomly added a parameter that people can only win when they twittered #trx atleast once* The drawing-process was done more than 80 times.* The winner doesnt get a Tesla but a ticket to **fucking Tron Summit**Please move on people. There is nothing to see here. Just a random draw.
Have you actually signed and paid for it yet? I remember having a nightmare of a time getting someone to give me a straight answer about when I was to pick up my Tesla, their sales organization is a fucking mess. I recommend calling in to the fulfillment center directly and explaining to them the issue -- they were significantly more helpful than trying to reach sales people in my case. 
David Bowie as the Goblin King and David Bowie as Nikola Tesla.
Dude thought he was driving a tesla
That heavy red triangle consists of the San Francisco Bay Area, Los Angeles and Reno Nevada. Tesla car factory, Hyper Loop and Tesla battery factory. 
They listened to him, they just wanted to tell NASA to launch anyway. I believe a manager told him "take off your engineering hat and put on your management hat" or something. It was part of a case study we did in a business class I took. Tesla also made us learn about it when I was a lead for quality
I was watching CNBC a while back, and they were talking about Tesla. One of the hosts (in his 50s I guess) started complaining that when in cruise control, he couldn't switch to the other lane without trying to rip the wheel off. The tech expert asked him something about turn signals.The old guy replies "I don't have enough time to give the turn signal when I switch lanes" Not only does this man have a high paying job on TV discussing technology, he doesn't understand that cruise control won't let you switch lanes without using a turn signal, but he's such an ass that he doesn't use his turn signal properly.I don't understand why people won't follow easy safety measures.
Lol, all you needed to say was Seattle. That guy probably goes to his 100K/year tech job every day dressed like that and nobody bats an eye. His bosses are just happy he doesn’t try to come in naked and covered in body paint. I know one who is a senior manager at Microsoft, just bought a brand new Tesla and he wears a kilt to work on a regular basis.
Following *The Favourite* (Robert Harley), *Rebel in the Rye* (JD Salinger), and *The Current War* (Nikola Tesla), Hoult is continuing his quest to play every single historical figure ever.
Must be Leavenworth. There's a thread about this on Facebook. There is a plan in place and sombody has just gotten approval to put towing signs up. Working with Tesla to put them up.  They also contacted the local PD who say they will tow if the signs are clear.
*Elon Musk eats chicken wings and manages a 17% drop in Tesla shares*
No wonder, if I had the money to pick this or a Tesla, I would not even hesitate to pick the Porsche.
I work as a Creative Director. I have a lot of great clients, unfortunately with a few shitty managers from their side. They usually go with the mantra of "If it's not my idea, it's not a good idea". I end up (sometimes) telling them about something Google, Tesla, Amazon, Samsung, Etc. is doing, and how we could try it. They jump at these ideas. The ideas are actually mine or my teams. Works like a charm.
Yeah. But it is well-established that David didn't have god-like powers. What do you do when God says, "I created the Universe in Six Days"?It's like if you or I said "I built a death ray". People would laugh. But Tesla says he built one and suddenly people get squeamish around a wooden box.
"For Sale, slightly used Tesla."
And the most absolutely insane worldbuilding ever seen. In TF2 lore, multi-story buildings, rocket launchers, and stage plays were all invented in the 1500s by a man named **Shakespearicles**. People had to get from one floor to another by rocket-jumping until stairs were invented in 1857 by Abraham Lincoln, who was also the first person to take the role of Pyro on the first Team Fortress lineup alongside Billy the Kid, John Henry, Nikola Tesla, and Fu Manchu. New Zealand sunk itself under the ocean after one of its greatest minds foretold a series of earthquakes and volcanic eruptions would wipe out all life on the surface. This never happened, and the entire population, save for three people, drowned.There is a man named Old Nick who acts as an anti-Santa Claus in Australia, kidnapping naughty children to make weapons he then sells to mercenaries at discount prices. He is killed by a young boy who stabs him in the throat with an icicle.The Apollo 11 mission was delayed by three years so Buzz Aldrin and Neil Armstrong could participate in the Astromania '69 wrestling event against each other.
Nikola Tesla... I want to know what was confiscated after his death. Death rays, free energy, communication with Martians? Lol Did he actually tap in to the akashic record? Did he actually prototype in his mind? 
You still can't buy a Tesla in Texas directly.   You have to buy it in California and have it shipped to Texas.
They sued Tesla for selling directly
It looks like the Tesla driver was just as inattentive as the Toureg driver though, just lucky it had a computer to react quicker. He should have seen that whole lane slowing down as he merged over.
Michigan too, Tesla can't sell cars here.  Interesting because the "big" 3 are HQ'd here so the dealership requirement can be seen as, to some extent, protectionism for these local companies.  
I noticed the black suv in front of the white one hit his brakes and wonderd why the (tesla) wasnt slowing down?
It’s also the reason they can’t sell in some states (like Connecticut) because they refuse to play the dealership game. Means you have to buy in NY or MA, and CT loses out on having people employed in the Tesla stores
Another way Tesla direct sales is breaking the system. Really funny how that happened. They likely needed to break the dealership business model to make their cars purchase price cheaper.
They're going to have to, as their site says you can still order for 2018 delivery right now. And that's impossible for most customers.Good for Tesla. They want to make sales.
I can't wait for the Tesla Pickup to make these ICE trucks' nuts retract.
Free markets."Millenials are killing [yet another industry]."Yep, that's how the free market works. People don't want to buy your stuff, you need to sell different stuff or you need to go away. The same thing sort of applies to when one technology/product overwrites another one and the pre-existing industry lobbies for protections to their industry. This blows my mind. Clean energy overwrites coal/gas, better get republicans to lobby to save coal/gas even though it doesn't make any sense. Same thing applies to peer-to-peer services are overwriting traditional services (Uber:Taxis, AirBnB:Hotels, etc.), dealerless automobile industry (Tesla).Conservatives are all about the free market, claiming the free market solves all problems so we should have less government. And I don't disagree, I like the idea of freedom and less government interference with things that aren't public crises. But as soon as that free market starts to go the other way, solving the problem of outdated products and services, it's "Gotta be Millenials' fault."I always wonder, since I wasn't there, if this sort of thing happened with the farrier industry when cars happened.Edit: Thanks.
I thought I was some hot shit wolf of wall street last few years, watching Tesla, Nvidia and every stock I picked go up. Nope turns out that was an illusion and I have no idea what I'm doing. Oops. 
For all those saying "they actually need water", he already is helping with that since October."Tesla CEO Elon Musk to pay for water stations, filtration at Flint schools as promised"Source: https://www.usatoday.com/story/tech/nation-now/2018/10/07/elon-musk-flint-water-schools/1560391002/
Australia has ~~made~~ **sought to make** it ~~illegal~~ **Standards uncompliant** to install batteries anywhere other than a separated building. Don't under estimate the creativity of the conservatives to protect their fossil fuel investments.**EDIT** (after 3000 upvotes overnight): It was in a [draft proposal](https://reneweconomy.com.au/lithium-ion-battery-storage-may-be-banned-inside-australian-homes-57002/) of Standards Australia. This resulted in protests from the industry so it was then [opened up for feedback](https://reneweconomy.com.au/standards-australia-delays-storage-guidelines-after-protests-35946/) on the proposed guidelines.Unfortunately I cannot look up whether it was implemented or not because  it costs over a hundred dollars to see.Regardless, it seems standards are not legally enforceable. Hopefully someone here knows more.**EDIT2**: While the standards body is admittedly independent, the proposed regulation defies logic (lithium-Cobalt batteries catch fire, unlike the Tesla PowerWall). I have no evidence of the Conservative government meddling but consider their anti-science meddling to date...[Twenty dead end investigations](https://www.ramblingsdc.net/windreviews.html) into wind generation dangers.Installing as head of the government science body someone who thinks we should [explore water divining](https://www.abc.net.au/news/rural/2014-10-20/nrn-csiro-ceo-water-divining-dowsing/5822472).Malcolm Turnbull (when he was environment minister, became PM) allocated $10m to [magic rainmaking pyramids](https://www.abc.net.au/news/2007-11-20/turnbull-pumps-10m-into-rainmaking-gamble/731004).The current PM [brought a lump of coal](https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2017/feb/09/scott-morrison-brings-coal-to-question-time-what-fresh-idiocy-is-this) into parliament (before becoming PM) as a stunt to mock the opposition's "ideological, pathological fear of coal." (breaking a rule against bringing period into parliament).
Tesla: company tracks your location at all times.Yugo: they would rather you not contact them.
As someone who drives a 2002 car, if someone allowed me to even test any Tesla car I'd not have words to thank them
If someone said I could borrow their Tesla I wouldn't even ask for a picture. CB level midnight
She HAS to be renting or hiring this and some place just gave her a Tesla instead of a gas car. Nobody buys a Tesla, goes through the entire customisation process, waits to receive their order, only to realise it's not a gas vehicle.
it somehow feels like last early century was a sort of "Age of Heroes" when it came to science with people like Einstein and Tesla and many others living in the same time period and quotes like those make me feel like they were aware of their respective genius the same way we are in present day that makes me wonder if we have a sort of equivalent of that in this century, all I can think of is the late Stephen Hawking
My dad stopped at a gas station once with his Tesla, just to pick up something inside. When he got back out to his car, a woman awkwardly came up to him and said " I'm so sorry, it's just my sons really wanted me to tell you that you don't need to be here". Behind her we're two little kids urgently shaking their heads. "Telsas don't need gas!" He laughed and thanked the kids for saving him from making such a huge mistake. He said they looked very proud of themselves after. 
I was under the impression he said that in jest about tesla, since tesla had been critical of einstein and his theory of relativity 
My favorite Einstein quote is from the time when they asked him what it's like being the smartest man in the world."I wouldn't know," he said. "You'll have to ask Nikola Tesla."I guess here Gates is the Tesla to Papadimitriou's Einstein
I can understand not knowing about cars but if you drive a Tesla and don’t know what makes a Tesla a Tesla... you probably shouldn’t be driving a Tesla.
Hit a juul in the back seat of a Tesla .
This comment has been hacked by Elongated Muskrat only niggas with tesla roadsters can upvote.
I've had people in my car say they don't believe in global warming but would buy a Tesla anyway. Tesla is still achieveing their mission while making an attractive product.
Oh cool. A car that drives my $100k Tesla around. What if, and this might be thinking outside the box here, but what if they cut out the part involving the actual car, made it big enough to hold a few hundred people, and then made like “stations” where people could get on and off? Take it up a notch and you could have multiple lines that intersect at such stations. Could be onto something here. 
Good.  Competition is good for everyone.Tesla's mission is much larger than anything that Tesla can accomplish by themselves, and others need to join in.
California officially became the first state in the nation on Wednesday, Dec. 5 to require homes built in 2020 and later be solar powered.To a smattering of applause, the California Building Standards Commission voted unanimously to add energy standards approved last May by another panel to the state building code.Two commissioners and several public speakers lauded the new code as “a historic undertaking” and a model for the nation.“These provisions really are historic and will be a beacon of light for the rest of the country,” said Kent Sasaki, a structural engineer and one of six commissioners voting for the new energy code. “(It’s) the beginning of substantial improvement in how we produce energy and reduce the consumption of fossil fuels.”The new provisions are expected to dramatically boost the number of rooftop solar panels in the Golden State. Last year, builders took out permits for more than 115,000 new homes — almost half of them for single-family homes.Wednesday’s action upholds a May 9 vote by another body, the California Energy Commission, seeking to fulfill a decade-old goal to make the state reliant on cleaner, alternative energy. The energy panel’s vote was subject to final approval by the Building Standards Commission.The Building Standards Commission was limited to reviewing the energy panel’s rulemaking process, not the content of the standards, said commission Chairwoman Marybel Batjer. Commissioners said the process was more than sufficient, with 35 meetings, hearings and webinars held over a 15-month period. The energy panel received more than 3,000 comments from over 100 stakeholders, officials said.While nobody spoke Wednesday in opposition to the new provisions, the commission received more than 300 letters from around the state opposing the solar mandate because of the added cost.Energy officials estimated the provisions will add $10,000 to the cost of building a single-family home, about $8,400 from adding solar and about $1,500 for making homes more energy-efficient. But those costs would be offset by lower utility bills over the 30-year lifespan of the solar panels.One commission member worried the mandate would make it harder for California wildfire victims to rebuild, but supporters assured him that won’t be a problem.Homeowners will have two options that eliminate the upfront costs of adding solar: Leasing the solar panels or signing a “power purchase agreement” that pays for the electricity without buying the panels, said Drew Bohan, executive director of the California Energy Commission.One solar-industry representative said the net savings from adding solar power will be around $40 a month or nearly $500 a year.“These standards won’t necessarily make homes more expensive to buy. What they will do is save money on utility costs,” said Pierre Delforge, a senior scientist with the Natural Resources Defense Council. “This is not only the right thing to do for the climate, it is financially smart.”Meanwhile, the changes won endorsements both from environmentalists and the California Building Industry Association.“Six years ago, I was very fearful of this,” said Bob Raymer, technical director for the state building association. “But the very open arrangement that we have with the (energy commission) … brought us to the point where we can support this.”Homebuilders have been preparing for years to meet a proposed requirement that all new homes be “net-zero,” meaning they would produce enough solar power to offset all electricity and natural gas consumed over the course of a year.Provisions adopted Wednesday relaxed that goal a bit, requiring new homes only offset electricity used but not natural gas.To meet net-zero energy goals, a typical house would need the capacity to produce 7 or 8 kilowatts of electricity, which wouldn’t be cost-effective, Raymer told the commission. But a modest amount of solar — producing about 3 kilowatts of power — would be cost-effective in all of California’s 16 climate zones.In addition to the solar mandate, the new provisions tighten green homebuilding standards, with such requirements as thicker attic and wall insulation, more efficient windows and doors and improved ventilation systems. They also encourage developers to add battery storage and heat-pump water heatersto new homes.But the heart of the update is the solar power requirement, which applies to all new residential buildings up to three stories high, including apartments. The code allows some exceptions, such as when the structures are in shady areas or when electricity rates already are lower than the cost of generating solar power.The rules also allow for offsite solar production, so developments can build solar arrays feeding multiple homes or contract with utility-owned solar farms.“We have lots of options,” said Raymer, the building industry’s technical director.Hundreds of letters, most of them form letters, poured into the capital opposing the solar mandate.The solar mandate “will be costly to homeowners in California and also eliminates personal choice,” said a letter signed by Butte County Treasurer-Tax Collector Peggy Moak. Moak said the tab for installing solar panels is a lot higher than the $8,400 estimate, “running more than $25,000.”“With median home prices in California already more than double the national average, this decision will make it even more difficult for the average Californian to afford a home,” added a letter signed by Assemblyman James Gallagher, R-Yuba City.Several solar industry representatives speaking Wednesday supported the provisions, including a representative of Tesla, which builds battery storage systems for homes.“The homeowners will be able to save money from the day they walk in the door,” said Kelly Knutsen, technology advancement director for the California Solar &amp Storage Association. “This is a historical policy. California is leading the country in clean energy, clean air and fighting climate change, all while saving consumers money.”
This is a terribly stupid headline.  Autopilot is only used in any significant amount in favorable weather conditions and very constrained driving conditions. Ie No rain or ice-covered roads and mostly highway driving, which is about the safest form of driving in terms of miles per fatality.There is a reason that highway safety engineers spend so much time focusing on intersections.  The weird double-diamond intersection that is cropping up is a result of trying to reduce 'critical points' where cars cross paths.  These are responsible for the vast majority of car accidents, and last I checked, Teslas were not navigating any kind of intersection with their autopilots.The only reasonable way to make a comparison is to take the subgroup of Drivers that live in Southern California.  Then take the subgroup of that group that drive a car worth more than $35,000 to remove any sort of socioeconomic bias.  Then measure their miles driven per *crash incident* - not fatality - and compare that against the rate of Tesla Drivers.  *That* differential *might* be reasonably be attributed to the use of autopilot.  You can't use fatalities because people are more likely to survive in a Tesla than in other cars.Chances are there may be a small but notable difference.  But none of this 4x nonsense.  The only significant improvement I suspect autopilot will give is to correct mistakes of fatigued drivers.  This might be undercut somewhat by people who drive fatigued because they know they have autopilot, though I would still expect a net-positive effect.
Can  Tesla autopilots also moderate reddit subs?
First it was "How to Grapefruit your man" now it's how to "Grapefruit your Tesla"?We've gone too far.
Is there a video of anyone showing how to “fruit your Tesla”?
That is awesome. Tesla saved someone from a potential accident. Thumbs up for autopilot. 
So if a driver falls asleep in a Tesla, what happens? It finds a place to pull over?
It has over a million views. Can he ever calm down? Maybe, nobody cares about your Tesla. 
Wow. That actually made me think EM is a little less nuts than I previously thought. I was under the impression that he had this unrealistic view of how easy it would be to set up shop on Mars, but the comparison to Shackleton is a great one! It's not about going there to live in luxury, its about using your wealth to go on a harsh expedition that will very likely kill you, but which is ground breaking in terms of humans going where they probably aren't meant to be...&amp#x200BProbably didn't articulate that well, but short version: I got to give him props for that answer.Edit: I think some people commenting misinterpret my assessment of Musk being "nuts" as being stupid, unaccomplished, or otherwise detrimental. That was not what I intended (hence my statement about how I had articulated my though). I meant it more as his always coming across (to me) as a mad-genius, not coincidentally like Tesla himself who made amazing scientific discoveries, but also died quite mad and penniless. I've always had the impression that EM aims for impossible feats, but sometimes misses and when it came to Mars, I've been very skeptical about the feasibility or value in pursuing that with the present state of the world. Anyway, my point was that I found his metaphor quite compelling. Some of ya'll need to calm down, otherwise you won't be fun at parties.
This was the same idea Tesla had to limit "range anxiety" on long trips in their vehicles.   They gave up on it in favor of more Supercharger stations instead I think.
&gt "As important as Steve Jobs was, no doubt about it — [and] you have to add him to Bill Gates, because they birthed the personal computing revolution kind of together — here's the difference: Elon Musk is trying to invent a future, not by providing the next app," deGrasse Tyson tells CNBC Make It about the Tesla and SpaceX CEO.
That boy’s name? Albert Tesla 
Note this is happening under an underpass? This underpass is marked on the Tesla ADAS map tiles as the "do not brake based on radar return" because otherwise it would be braking for the underpass every single time. That + visually the truck might have been not really solidly recognized? Was it showing on the IC (if you had a chance to take a look?)Tesla really needs to be more upfront about the whole ADAS tiles and also let people add augmented layer to show detections if they want it and a bunch of other such stuff. Also a "I just had a close call" manual panic button to save autopilot state for later analysis.Oh well, man can dream, right?
And we're *sure* Elon Musk *isn't* Cave Johnson, right?&gt "Right. Now, you might be asking yourself, 'Elon, where is my fuel for this Not-A-Flamethrower? What was in that phone book of a contract I signed? Am I in danger?'"  &gt "Let me answer those questions with a question: Who wants five dollars? *Cash.*"&gt "If you're interested in an additional sixty dollars, flag down a Tesla associate and let 'em know. You could walk out of here with sixty-five smackeroos weighing down your bindle if you let us take you apart, put some science stuff in you, then put you back together, better than new."&gt "So that's a complete reassembly. New vitals. Spit-shine on the old ones. Plus we're scooping out tumors. Frankly, you oughtta be paying us."
My immediate thought was "this guy is supposed to be tesla", his house even looks like [Wardenclyff tower](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7b/Tesla_Broadcast_Tower_1904.jpeg).
They try too hard to sound like they're rich.I work with business owners as part of my work. The ones who are definitely very wealthy, are usually very type-A personalities, they're very direct, they get things done when they need to get done, and don't have time to bullshit around with proving how rich they are.The ones who are bullshitters, will boast themselves up, but not be able to back it up. They'll try to squeeze their big-money purchases into a normal conversation ("How are you?" "Terrible I can't decide what Tesla I want to buy") They'll say things like "I'm making so much money I'm struggling to find things to spend it on". Then they'll try to haggle down a $10 order, or ask if a $50 order can be paid in installments. 
Israeli here, there is exactly 0% chance of that goal being met due to how Israeli politics work.Even if by some miracle the bill is passed there is no way enough funding will be provided to build the infastructure needed to support something like this.Not to mention a huge distrust in EV in Israel due to people being burned with the introduction of the last EV vehicle which wen bankrupt and left people with cars that can't be serviced anymore, still no real infastructure for EV and near zero reimbursement to those affected.I'm not even going near the already strained electric infastructure the almost every summer has rolling blakouts (up to just 30 minutes per day but still) due to capacity not keeping up with demand.This was just a political move that will result in nothing but smoke.Also EV means shit when the vast majority of electricity in Israel still comes from fossil fuels.EDIT: I know I may look like a nay sayer, but while I stand by my opinion that this isn't going to happen within that time frame, I do think such legislation would be a good thing. I would set precedent and plant the seed on this issues. Israel has amazing potential for implementation of EV. You can cross the country an just about one Tesla 3 charge, and adoption of new technologies is very high in Israel. I just don't think it will be this drastic in just 12 years.
Number one reason I bought a Tesla was for the speed and tech. &amp#x200BNumber one reason my wife thinks I bought the car was for safety. 
Millenial version:\- Stanford diploma\- Property title in Silicon Valley\- Picture with Elon Musk\- Keys to a Tesla\- Bitcoin wallet balance
Might want to reach out to Tesla about that airbag warning.  They should be able to pull logs from the car.  I would think that they would go off in that case (based on the speed and the damage).
Notice how who we actually consider geniuses (Tesla, Hawking, Einstein) didn’t *ever* brag about their IQ score? In fact, Hawking said “people who brag about their IQ are losers”?You can’t measure someone’s intelligence with a number. There’s way too much at play with “intelligence” to measure it with a number. IQ tests aren’t even a good metric- there’s no realizable way to get general enough with the questions to cover “general intelligence”. Overall it’s just a poor system that lets you distinguish geniuses and non geniuses only.
Go to the bar, get drunk walk your Tesla home with the RC mode. That’s it
I don't think Elon Musk can do much damage, honestly.Tesla and SpaceX are not an integral part of the economy and he's not even remotely as wealthy as Gates and Bezos.
It’s me, I’m elongated muskrat. Don’t believe me? Watch this.....Tesla 
It's funny he heads Tesla while acting much more like Edison.
Well if the short sellers lost $1.3 billion, and Tesla shares sored 11% I'd say it was definitely worth it.  It's nice to be a billionaire!
Tesla will have an EV as good as Tesla's by 2020 for half the price
Elon: "all of us here at Tesla have been listening to all of the public's comments and concerns. So today we are proud to announce that.."Elon pulls off his face in a scooby-doo fashion, revealing that he was actually Todd Howard wearing a mask.Todd: "Skyrim will be coming to the model 3 this holiday season!"
Then he buys a Tesla, wrecks someone else's Honda, and the cycle continues until Honda declares bankruptcy
Elon Musk October 22: i🖤animeTesla stocks October 22: go up by 20%?(Idk the exact number)
Musk himself alone is the biggest advertisement for Tesla.
He did send a Tesla to space for marketing purposes. I do realize it was to test the rocket stress load. Very smart all around. 
Very into electric cars at the moment. I have BMW i3 like the one in the new Johnny  English film. And a Tesla model X.
Tunguska event. Shit's pretty crazy. Doubt that it's on Tesla.Love the version from Strugatsky brothers' novel "Monday starts at Saturday". It's humorous book, but the version is interesting. Basically, there were this contramot aliens that moved through the time backwards (and also discreetly): our tomorrow is their yesterday and vice versa. So these guys fly to our planet and see a huge fire in Siberia. They see it in the day after tomorrow, they see it tomorrow but today they don't see it. So they land and investigate and find nothing there. But when they lift of our planet they blast their enormous engines and that's what causes the huge fire. That's what we know as a Tunguska event.Edit: sorry, my explanation is kind of a mess, so just read the book. 
Guys, I totally corrected Elon Musk one time. He gave me a Tesla.
Damn it, if he makes this happen I might have to buy one of his Tesla used.
This students name? Albert Hitler Tesla.
$20 whole millions? Seems like a non-news news, but ok.To put this in perspective, $20 mil worth would be roughly 0.2% of what he currently owns, if he owns $10 bill worth of Tesla. 
Tesla, Freud.
My favorite is that, because of the SpaceX launch that had the Tesla attached to it, there is a non-zero chance of getting into a car accident in space!
Can Tesla stop trying to kill the insurance industry? s/
Frontal Impact"Like Model S and Model X, Model 3 benefits from its all-electric  architecture and powertrain design, which consists of a strong, rigid  passenger compartment, fortified battery pack, and overall low center of  gravity. These safety fundamentals help to prevent intrusion into the  cabin and battery modules, reduce rollover risk, and distribute crash  forces systematically away from the cabin "Yeah, It helps that you do not have 500 to 700 pounds of engine aluminum being pushed through your dash in a Tesla.
Dont worry, now that Brazil is voting for a fascist that has no problem in destroying the Amazonas rainforest everything will be alright.No wonder Tesla boy wants to get out of the planet. 
It's not a problem at all, we've cleared the IP for you to use. If you want, you can stick a little note in your sidebar saying "The Tesla Coil art in our banner is from the video game Prismata and is used with the eager permission of Lunarch Studios."Or not, no need to credit us unless you want to. :)
So, a short while ago, somebody pointed out [this ad](https://i.redd.it/yq6sw8czkto11.jpg) to me, which is an in-network reddit advertisement for the sciences subreddit.However, it happens to contain [this art](https://prismata.gamepedia.com/Tesla_Coil) which is used in my video game, [Prismata](http://store.steampowered.com/app/490220/Prismata/). This art is exclusively owned and copyrighted by Lunarch Studios Inc., a company I founded in 2013 and currently am the CEO of. We have not granted any license to advertise using this art to reddit or any of its parent companies.So... my question... I actually really like /r/sciences and was thinking of just releasing this art into the public domain so you could help advertise their subreddit without any trouble. What's your preference between Creative Commons cc0 licensing vs MIT licensing?Edit: I'm totally happy with /r/sciences using the art in their snoo banner. I was just a bit surprised that the reddit ads team would publish those in-network subreddit ads without checking the graphics first. That kinda thing could get them in a lot of trouble if they're not careful!Edit 2: OK, here goes!**Lunarch Studios Inc. hereby publishes this [Tesla Coil Art](https://imgur.com/a/NO4GBcn) (also linked [here]( https://d1u5p3l4wpay3k.cloudfront.net/prismata_gamepedia/6/67/TeslaCoil-portrait.png?version=89fb193a0e3e71ddec059f2b08df1492)) under the [Creative Commons cc0 license](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/), waiving all rights to the work worldwide under copyright law, including all related and neighboring rights, to the extent allowed by law. You can copy, modify, and distribute the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission.**For greater certainty, I've posted the same to our twitter account here: https://twitter.com/lunarchstudios/status/1048193279001612288Edit 3: Wow, this post sure blew up. I just got this email from the director of wiki partnerships at Gamepedia, apparently the Tesla Coil page is now the #1 post on their site. He told me it's getting as much traffic as when a new Overwatch character is announced.Edit 4: So a few of you asked me about Prismata, it's basically a nerdy strategy game inspired by dominion, starcraft, and board games. You can read more stuff or try it out [here](http://store.steampowered.com/app/490220/Prismata/). Our big feature is ethical microtransactions (no pay-to-win and no card packs, we mainly sell cosmetics and single player content.)
Tesla would be fucking awful to take to a party
For reference, this is what the cop is seeing:[Side View](https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/yslkjvsq16xtdbojabmb.png)[sitting behind it](https://cleantechnica.com/files/2018/01/Tesla-Model-3-dash-console.jpg)Edit: Yeah these aren't my shots. I live in Thailand where people literally have TVs and tablets mounted to their dashboards and no one cares. Also, cops don't pull you over but instead put up barriers and cones you have to go through so they can possibly rip off everyone in some places, not just someone they would have to chase. 
It's always nice to see a cop back down when they realize nothing's going on.  All too often, we see video showing cops that overreact.Now he's going to go back to the precinct and become the Old Man on the force who doesn't know about the Tesla.
[Probably why SEC settled.](https://www.wsj.com/articles/elon-musk-believed-he-had-verbal-agreement-with-saudis-for-tesla-buyout-1538172847) According to Elon he was trying to be transparent. But they screwed up clarifying with investors. SEC's job is to protect investors. Makes sense this would be the outcome since ousting Musk would halve Tesla's value.
The SEC likely doesn't want to harm Tesla investors. So my guess is they never legit wanted to remove him as CEO, it was meant to force a settlement. 
"Musk will be allowed to say as CEO but must leave his role as chairman of the board within 45 days."So he's not gone. But a literal face-lift for the Tesla brand is exactly what it needs right now after Musk's somewhat unpredictable behavior.
Looking forward to the 2027 Tesla Model 1337 sport coupe and the Model 80085 minivan.
Yeah he was clearly very new to weed and a bit apprehensive about smoking. Did Joe Rogan just corrupt Elon musk and bring about the downfall of Tesla?
True. There is currently a DoJ investigation against Tesla going on right now, though, but results of that could be months away.
For those unaware, while the $420 tweet is Musk's most brazen lie, it is far from the only one. He gets away with it because the SEC only prosecutes CEOs when they've hurt their investors. As long as lies keep propping up a company, they're allowed. If the company collapses, the CEO(in this case Musk) is screwed. As of now, with Tesla stocks still stable, Musk is not in immediate danger. If you're asking: why would Musk lie about the $420 tweet? Why is he behaving erratically? What the fuck is going on with the peso accusations? What is happening to him? Well for one, Tesla's in deep trouble. **As even Musk says, it is very very hard to just keep Tesla alive.** Secondly, he routinely makes incredible statements on twitter, never backs it up and faces no consequence. Moreover, these statements are crucial to keeping Tesla alive with the hype they generate, as the company itself is teetering on the brink. As an update to my post [a few months ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/8owkmg/tesla_shareholders_reject_bid_to_strip_musk_of/e06xe3v/?context=3), this is how things stand:Summary of Tesla's situation: --------------------------------- Tesla currently has ~$2 billion cash in hand- About 1.1 billion of this is in loans that need to be returned early next year- Around 40% of their cash in hand is from refundable deposits, many from people who thought they would get a $35k car- Tesla cannot make $35k Model 3s at a profit right now or in the near future(this is generally accepted, and even Musk has said they have to push the higher cost cars now or "they will die"), they'll probably lose money even making $42k cars. They need to make $50k cars at scale to earn strong profits- When asked in the earning call last for last quarter about reservations and how many people chose to cancel/take up their car once offered, Musk stunningly called the question "boring" and "boneheaded" and went on take questions from a youtuber for 20 mins. This was considered unprecedented and bizarre and stock dove.- Tesla is losing about ~800 million a quarter, so they will run out of money without a cash infusion. Literally everyone(all major banks/investors/analysts) knows that Tesla will need to raise capital this year.- Musk though, has insisted that Tesla will not need to raise cash because they will be "profitable by Q3 or Q4". A reminder that they lost 780 million in Q1, around the same in Q2, and even small profits won't be enough to prevent running out of cash. In order to make sustainable profits they need to sell around 10,000 model 3s a week. They were supposed to produce 5000 cars a week in 2017. Their current rate seems to be 3000-4000- Even Tesla bulls say that Musk is bluffing and he will eventually raise cash this year. Moody's downgrade of Tesla to essentially junk stocks makes it harder to raise cash at good interest rates. Moreover, there is speculation and some evidence that the reason Tesla haven't already done so, is that they are under SEC investigation which would prevent them from raising cash without disclosing a lot of details harmful to them.- Tesla has access to standard credit lines for about 500 million, but they recently had to pledge their Fremont factory to just maintain these credit lines.- A *lot* of Tesla's financial executives have left the company The head of autopilot left and the head of engineering left 'for vacation' recently. A CAO came and left within weeks. Tesla have always had high exec turnover, but it has been dramatically increasing the last few months, with many leaving millions of unvested stock.- Tesla's autopilot is complete false advertising. Their original autopilot was developed by MobilEye. MobilEye hated tesla's exaggeration of the system's capabilities and withdrew their supply after a person died using autopilot. Tesla responded that mobileye was jealous of Tesla's superior "Enhanced Autopilot" which has hardware capable of full self driving. It is generally accepted on owner and enthusiast forums that enhanced autopilot is nowhere close to FSD is basically lane-keeping system with AEB. Waymo and GM/Cruise are ahead with their FSD capabilities than Tesla, according to most estimates. - Part of Tesla's debt comes from bailing out Solar City, a completely unprofitable company loaded with debt that was run by Musk's cousins. Some people saw this as nepotistic and a conflict of interest(Musk held part ownership of SolarCity while his cousins ran it), with a few investors suing Tesla over the deal. - The Solar City merger also involved an outrageous hoax detailed [here](https://mansionengineer.com/2018/08/11/ps-rooftop-solar-mythology/). The TLDR version is that Musk demoed a product that was total vaporware and something no one at solar city was working on. - Space X are a relatively more stable company, but I fear Musk could take them down as well by either pouring resources into crazy projects, or trying to save Tesla with Space X resources. As a player in an industry with razor sharp margins, Space X cannot afford in the foreseeable future anything close to BFR, a moon or mars base. He announced with great fanfare last year that space x would take tourists to the moon in 2018. That didn't pan out. He announced with great fanfare this year that Space X will take a tourist to the Moon ~~next year~~ 2023. We'll see how it plays out. -------------------------------------------Musk is incredible at generating hype. But often, the hype is generated precisely because he promises things everyone else, and even he knows is not possible to make. That's precisely why the media picks it up: "crazy billionaire promises we'll have hyper loop from NY to LA" gets clicks. It generates hype, which he keeps circulating through his various companies. And its exactly because he has so many companies that every new claim gets more hype. A charitable person may call it "shooting for the stars". A more sober person would call it confidence trickery and borderline fraud, and in the coming months maybe just *fraud*. 
Correction, Elon Musk himself is the only entity named on the court document, not Tesla. There are no criminal charges at this time.
Like a furry Nikola Tesla
Except he never "hacked" anything.  He previously rented that car and had access to its vehicle ID number.     He phoned Tesla's customer support, spouted off the vehicle ID and got his phone added to it.    It is customer service abuse.  And a failing of both Tesla and the Rental Company that they don't mark rental cars as special to prevent this trick.    Edit: thanks for the gold
Dude is smart enough to hack a tesla. Too dumb to keep his mouth shut about it.This is why robots will take over the earth.
Just to add to discussion, [98% of stolen Tesla's are returned in US (well above 58.4% average)](http://amp.timeinc.net/thedrive/news/22816/nearly-every-single-stolen-tesla-has-been-recovered?source=dam) I think there were gps sensors welded into the frame or smth
... by calling customer support and getting their phone added to a car they had used before. It was social engineering.EDIT: There are differing points in the article, and either 1) the person had rented the car previously and used the app and then called customer service to regain access or 2) the person stole a phone used by the owner/company to access the car.Either way, it's not significantly different than stealing a key or working with a car dealer to make a copy of a key based on the VIN.EDIT 2: I'd recommend reading [THIS article](https://electrek.co/2018/09/06/tesla-model-3-rental-stolen-key/) instead of the linked one.
Especially recently. Elon was always a little crazy, but recently he's gone off the deep end and there's a lot of people that want to take the dive with him. * Azealia Banks leak* Taking Tesla private with Saudi money* Continually calling that Thai diver that saved those kids a pedophile because his gear didn't get there in time so he could soak up all the good will. * Smoking weed on Joe Rogan's show, (More about the hypocrisy that his workers get drug tested for weed so they can't even enjoy it off duty since that stuff stays in your system for a while) At first he gave a very humanist "Look to the future" vibe but now he's having tantrums like he's a 5yr old who's parents won't give him a toy when they go out shopping. 
I see Tesla fans have switched from *Tesla isn't union busting* to *It's okay because everybody does it*. 
EDIT 3: RETROACTIVELY. THAT’S THE PROBLEM WITH WHAT THEY DID. God damn I don’t need an inbox full of sarcastic shit like “God forbid they have to start showing up on time”. Nobody is complaining about the policy being implemented for the future.&gt	They started changing rules without any remorse,” Vaughn, a 31-year-old former Tesla computer-numeric-controlled (CNC) heavy machinery operator, told the Guardian. He cited a strict attendance policy Tesla implemented and backdated that deducted points from employees every time they clocked in late or were absent.You know, if you don’t want people to talk about unionizing then maybe you shouldn’t do shit like that. Also, if you have time I highly recommend reading the article and seeing the shit they did to Vaughn to justify firing him. It’s insane.Edit: he wasn’t fired due to the attendance policy. It’s a completely different ridiculous set of events.Edit 2: the issue isn’t creating new policies aimed at punishing people for poor attendance. The issue is enforcing that policy retroactively. That’s going to piss people off.
This is a very silly argument. The drugs tests administered catch home and weekend use, not on the job use. An employee could safely consume cannabis on Friday and be perfectly safe to use machinery on Monday but would still fail the company drug test. Also not all Tesla employees operate machinery to begin with. 
I've listened to an audiobook on the life of Nikola Tesla and there were a couple paragraphs about this shitty side-effect that vibrations can have on the human body.
if tesla employees are drug tested, and i think they would be, i can see why they would be upset. "the boss can smoke weed in an interview promoting the company but i cant smoke on friday with 2 days off?" 
["Introducing the Tesla Model HotboX, Elon Musk!"](https://i.imgur.com/waVZ9ph.jpg)
Is that the recent Tesla stock scandal hashtag?
I just got a drone and before I could fly it the app made me complete a 3 minute quiz on where you can/can't fly, etc.Tesla needs a quiz like this to make sure new owners understand autopilot limitations. Too many people see the old FSD video on the internet, don't do any more research and think their car can read stop signs, etc.
Seriously though. Everyone used to love him, but now he seems more like a lunatic. If I was a major Tesla shareholder I would be losing my shit over these Twitter rants. 
He's working 17 hours a day, literally living in the tesla factory, and in the evening he's goes on unwarranted twitter rants, stressed out and intoxicated by tons of adderal. 
Tesla/Elon Musk fanbase starting to become really intolerable.
Nobody read the article "alone" has nothing to do with automation. The Semi had a driver the whole time.   The Semi crossed the country using only Tesla's supercharge network and without support vehicles. Musk's [original tweet](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1033260379147620352) is much less misleading than the title of this article:    &gt What’s cool is that it was driven across the country alone (no escort or any accompanying vehicles), using the existing Tesla Supercharger network and an extension cord     The article decided to chop up the tweet for clickbait. Now half the thread is talking about automated driving. 
She also claimed that Musk was high on acid when she was there, stressed out about trying to secure funding for taking Tesla private.Claire is just Grimes first name.If you can stand gossip sites I think this is a reasonable summation of the drama: https://mashable.com/2018/08/21/azealia-banks-elon-musk-grimes-screenshots/?europe=true#o5QbE9Q4hsqX
This is why we all need the right to repair.Edit:Thanks for the gold.There are some comments that denounce right to repair and I've gotta say this is the wrong mindset to be in. Anyone should be able to open, repair, and replace anything that they own without government or commercial oversight (of course there are some exemptions but iPhones are different than Boeing 747s). You shouldn't have to take your car to the dealer to replace your headlight or get an oil change where they mark everything up to ridiculous prices. You shouldn't have to buy a new MacBook because the ram dies or the PPBus_G3hot stops creating the proper voltage for the motherboard. And you shouldn't have to be authorized by the dealer to get the same access to the repair tools or documentation that they keep secret. Ultimately the right to repair gives people the freedom to choose who fixes their products and cuts out some company that is wanting you to buy buy buy.For those of you saying you don't have to go to the dealer, well sometimes you do because no one else has the knowledge or tools to get it fixed. John Deere is the worst offender that people have heard of where you cannot work on your own tractor without also paying an authorized representative about $200 for showing up with a laptop and software to allow the ECU to work again. Imagine needing to replace a part on your car or phone and needing it to be blessed by the manufacturer for no legitimate reason other than to make them more money for something they did not do.[Farmers need to hack their John Deere tractors in order to repair them](https://www.cnet.com/roadshow/news/farmers-using-hacked-firmware-to-bypass-john-deeres-software-stranglehold/)[Tesla's Third-party Tiered repair manuals](https://electrek.co/2017/01/30/tesla-opening-up-service-replacement-parts/)[Minor Body damage almost totals Tesla](https://gas2.org/2015/01/06/this-is-what-30000-of-damage-looks-like-on-a-tesla-model-s/)This is a problem that was solved long ago when the only person that could service your car was a dealer and eventually the courts found it illegal to interfere with an owner or mechanic repairing a vehicle. This needs to be reintroduced in the modern age and apply to electronics or for that matter anything you purchase.[Right to repair your own vehicle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motor_Vehicle_Owners%27_Right_to_Repair_Act)Anyways that's my soapbox speech. Thanks for the gold and goodnight.Edit 2: If you think the right to repair doesn't make sense or you're on the fence please watch this[How the right to repair effects everyone](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nhuot32a0xs)[Apple uses customs to prevent repairs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYgdtEsl_0c)[Apple Authorized repair versus third party repair](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XaGHcBZjmWA)I am not in any way sponsored.Edit 3: There seems to be a lot of confusion about what right to repair means. This wouldn't be legislation that makes manufacturers do anything that they are not already doing. They already provide third-parties with the information they need to fix your car but the knowledge is limited to only people willing to pay a huge overhead cost or are authorized (pay for the privileged). Apple is doing the same thing with their "Apple Authorized Repair shops". The shop doesn't actually do anything except mail in your phone to an actual Apple factory but Apple skirts the legislation that makes them 'play fair' and allows consumers to repair and use their phones without getting Apples permission. Only recently there was a debacle where replacing the touch ID on the bricked your device if you dared to update it. Apple's excuse was that it was a security centered decision but it had the same impact of putting a sleeve on your home key. The button does not do any of the encryption or decryption but it's still a 'security flaw'. Nowadays they needed to distribute (to a handful of AASP's) the tools to pair phones that have new home buttons because bricking someones phone because they chose to repair it has been pissing off some legislators.Currently the mindset of not allowing third party repairs because it's too difficult or too dangerous is going on with Tesla. Only until recently could you buy anything through Tesla, all repair parts were scavenged from junkyards. If you got into an accident or something failed you needed to take it into Tesla or a Tesla authorized repairer in order to fix the problem.[Right to repair your own vehicle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motor_Vehicle_Owners%27_Right_to_Repair_Act) (same as above)Not all companies work like Apple or Tesla. Samsung now sells parts directly to customers.http://www.samsungparts.com/Default.aspxIf the company depends on the consumer to constantly be buying thier product, it has every intention of planned obsolescence and why wouldn't they it to their benefit.
Talked to producers like 5 times before they let me on. They Had to make sure I wasn’t gonna scream “Tesla $420” on a national media outlet. Surely market manipulation like that would lead to serious fines and/or jail time. 
[Here's a related article from the NY Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/08/16/business/elon-musk-interview-tesla.html) discussing Musk's mental health over the past year. It goes a bit into the tweet in question.&gtAn hour and 20 minutes after the tweet, with Tesla’s shares up 7 percent, the Nasdaq stock exchange halted trading, and Tesla published a letter to employees from Mr. Musk explaining the rationale for possibly taking the company private. When the shares resumed trading, they continued their climb, ending the day with an 11 percent gain.&gtThe next day, investigators in the San Francisco office of the Securities and Exchange Commission asked Tesla for explanations. Ordinarily, such material information about a public company’s plans is laid out in detail after extensive internal preparation and issued through official channels. Board members, blindsided by the chief executive’s market-moving statement, were angry that they had not been briefed, two people familiar with the matter said. They scrambled to cobble together a public statement trying to defuse a mounting uproar over the seemingly haphazard communication.I don't know a lot about business or stocks, but it seems fascinating.
He sent a tweet stating he may consider taking Tesla private and had funding lined up. Turns out that he doesn't, and making that claim may violate SEC rules as any move to take the company private would need to be made publically available to all shareholders.Add on to that his bickering with analysts on earnings calls, his stunts like selling flamethrowers, and other random Twitter fights he gets into and investors have begun to question if he is stable enough to be the CEO of Tesla. It's a big deal because in a way, Musk IS Tesla. The entire companies valuation is basically built on him. He's the one who has secured all the funding, he's the soothsayer that keeps customers in line as the company continues to miss production goals, he's the one keeping the stock price high despite losing billions and billions of dollars of investors cash. If he goes the whole house of cards could come tumbling down which would be devestating to a lot of portfolios. 
I guess no Tesla cars for Canada?
"Well, fuck Tesla then," said the Canadian.
I have cancer and I dream of owning a Tesla. Upvote pls. /sEDIT: Forgot to add the /s. Thank you all kind strangers, but I dont have cancer, though I wouldn't mind if you ordered me a Model 3.
[https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2017/jul/07/tesla-to-build-worlds-biggest-lithium-ion-battery-in-south-australia](https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2017/jul/07/tesla-to-build-worlds-biggest-lithium-ion-battery-in-south-australia)  Best estimates: somewhere in the neighborhood of $100 million.
Fun fact: If you steal a Tesla, it becomes an Edison.
I don't even have a Tesla and this pisses me the fuck off. Fucking negligence 
For the people who’ve really made it in the tech industry it’s a weird status symbol to be a complete fucking slob about something. Some guys with a big fancy title make a point to wear dirty old white T-shirts riddled with holes *because they can* or not wear shoes or not trim their facial hair ever, or some shit like that. It’s not uncommon to see some homeless looking guy hop into his Tesla at the Whole Foods. There used to be this joke on google campus (where there are Google owned bicycles lying around for employees to use) that it was impossible to tell if you spotted a homeless guy stealing a gbike or if it was a distinguished engineer going to a meeting. 
Sillicon Valley. Wearing old t-shirts from pre-acquisition to flex your experience in the new parent company. Patagonia vests. Allbirds. Earpods. Wearable tech. Tesla cars. 
[This from 3/27/18](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/tesla-is-just-months-away-from-a-total-collapse-says-hedge-fund-manager-2018-03-27):&gtUnless Elon Musk “pulls a rabbit out of his hat,” **Tesla will be bankrupt within four months**, says John Thompson of Vilas Capital Management.&gt **Thompson manages $25 million and his Tesla TSLA short is the fund’s biggest position.** To be fair, he’s been betting big against Tesla for years, which, of course, means he’s endured some brutal stretches.*Womp-womp* ...it's been four months, John. 
wow, I remember watching Rich's first Tesla video. Now he has a documentary?
When my Grandma died, she left all us grandkids 10k in mutual funds.I was into tech, a lot, and read that Apple was going to Intel processors. I convinced my dad to sell off 5k and invest me in Apple.My money nearly tripled, and I sold about 2 months before the iPhone was announced.I've done the math, that initial 5k would be worth somewhere around 600k today - but alas, I wasn't a patient investor in my late teens/early twenties...Edit: I did the same last year with Tesla, I started buying shares around 150, and put as much into it as I could reasonably afford over the span of 6 months or so. I told myself I'd sell at 350, which seemed like a lofty goal until I hit it... Turned around $2300 into around $5k.Is it basically informed gambling? Sure. But I can always afford to lose my investment (IMPORTANT DETAIL HERE) - and it's fun to see green numbers every day and feel a little more secure.
The signs were all there since day 1. We had all been too preoccupied of what the clouds will rain down upon us that we forgot of the demons residing among us. But it was too late now. Now, they have risen from their thrones and ascended unto their horses.The signs were there. Shooting cars to outer space. Making drones deliver our packages. Making an entire office fit inside one machine. Connecting millions of people into one huge trap. No one batted an eye. They hid in human skin and earned our trust. And they succeeded.Mark Zuckerberg. Self-made billionaire. People mistook him for a reptile. Some for an android. Never was he mistook for the Conquest. He had enslaved everyone with his trap. The people did not realize this at first, but it was far too late. Everyone could hear the echo of his voice as he called out in the most sinister way possible: "nice job, team."Next came Elon Musk. Tesla, SpaceX. He had been making technological advancements so great and powerful, he could make an army of his own. In fact, he did. Behind everyone's backs. After everyone was enslaved by Facebook, he drove hell using his self-driving missiles. Sure, they missed the targets, but the explosion kicked the bucket for humanity.Jeff Bezos, creator of Amazon, flew towards the sky with his androids. With his large network of deliveries, he stopped everything altogether. The people had trusted Amazon so much - too much - to deliver everything, even their basic needs. But when the drones giving you what you need stop, then Famine is what you get.Finally, the oldest of the group, Bill Gates. He greets the other three who have been observing humanity writhe in pain. "It is time," he says.Ever wondered why the sky is blue?That's right. The Blue Sky of Death.
One of my friends cancelled her order because Tesla kept bumping her slot back. They give preference to anyone who already owns a Tesla, so if you’re #1234 in line and someone with at least 1 Tesla decides to put in an order, they jump to the front of the list of those who don’t have a Tesla yet. Because of this, her slot ended up getting pushed several months, so she eventually decided the seemingly endless wait wasn’t worth it anymore and bailed. 
In Ontario, Canada the local government has cancelled almost all environmental based rebates, even if you had your order in before the change. This means that the price of the car has increased $8,000 - $14,000.https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/tesla-charging-stations-1.4750449
This is good for tesla AND children
Hi! You might know me from the internet! I'm a model with an 8th grade education that doesn't know how to budget. Buy me a Tesla X!
Also, he tweeted stupid shit about one of the rescue divers in Thailand.  There was blowback on Tesla.http://time.com/5340621/thailand-cave-rescue-elon-musk-pedo-shares/ So Musk is also behaving like a right-wing douche bag.
So the article first quotes the 4th largest investor, pretty much saying he doesn't care that much but wishes Musk would keep his mouth shut. Then they quote some open letter from a VC firm that may or may not actually own any shares of tesla saying he needs to apologize.  
From the perspective of a financial analyst, it's easy to see why.Most people probably know that Tesla is losing money and struggling to meet their promises. But what most probably aren't aware of, is how their debt is structured.This is incredibly important. In fact, I'd say it's the only single factor that either pushes Tesla towards bankruptcy or towards a financially sustainable path. Tesla has a lot of convertible debt, which are bonds that can be swapped for equity if the stock reaches a certain price. Why is this so important? Because Tesla struggles to find financing elsewhere. Their bonds are rated as junk (below Greece, if you want a reference point) and trading at a corresponding level. Meaning if they want to raise debt, they would have to pay a very high interest rate on it. Their z-score (which is a mediocre measurement at best for single companies, but does work statistically in predicting bankruptcy) indicates a very high probability of bankruptcy.Raising equity may seem like the right move here, but Tesla has previousy [inexplicably](http://aswathdamodaran.blogspot.com/2017/08/a-tesla-2017-update-disruptive-force.html) raised debt when they clearly should have raised equity. Rumours (not helped by rapid CFO and other senior management departures) say this is because of an SEC investigation. Regardless of the reason, Tesla seems unable/unwilling to raise stock.That means that making sure those bonds convert as opposed to settle in cash is the number one priority for Tesla. The first he can realistically convert is $920MM in less than a year if the stock price is above $359.87. Then in 2021 almost $1.4bn at $359.87 per share and almost another billion in 2022 at $327.50 per share. The march 2019 maturity is really closing in. This is why keeping the hype of Tesla up and keeping the reputation of the company is so extremely vital right now. And if you ask me, the reason why Musk seems to be getting more erratic, media hungry and most of all extremely defensive every day. They're not going to find this amount of cash this cheaply and this fast elsewhere. It's really incorrect when people say the reputation of the company doesn't matter for its internal success. His whole company hangs on the stock price. Which, in the short term (and between now and March is definitely the short term), is really just a popularity contest. 
I just don't understand why he'd call the guy a pedophile way out of nowhere.Edit: wow my inbox is blowing up with angry people that are big Elon musk fans I guess and take offense at my comment.I hardly know anything about the guy except that he's the spacex / Tesla guy, and whatever blurbs about him I see here on Reddit, so it's not like I'm invested one way or another.That said I feel like it's not unfair to just say I don't understand why he called the guy a pedo. I mean he could have said "hey don't be an asshole I just wanted to help" or. Idk pretty much anything other than oddly specific label of pedophile, which he later deleted. Chill out musk brigade!Edit2: ty for the gold and massive karma. It's just weird that such a simple observation creates so much controversy.
He tried to sue Top Gear for giving his Tesla car a bad review.The judge threw the case out of court citing "that's not how libel or slander works"So he tried to appeal the case and sue him againThe second judge also said "GTFOutta here"
To prove how confident he is in the engineers he should get himself stuck in a cave and have them use the Tesla sub to get him out. 
Yeah, i was a pretty big Elon fan until this happened.Not the pedo bit (though that really sours me on him), but using this tragic situation for an obvious PR stunt.  Im no engineer or cave diver, but I'm a physics student who has seen a few caves while scuba diving and the idea never seemed even remotely plausible to me.  Him being int he news when 100's of people were actually working on strategies that had a chance of, and ultimately did, work out, was disgusting and egotistical.  The divers teaching them to swim and dropping tanks along the route, the guys pumping out water, hell even the guys figuring out the logistics of drilling down or keeping them there for months on end, two unused but actually plausible ideas, all did more than Elon.  And yet who's name proper was in the news the most?  How many people even know the name of the Thai Seal that died?  The Tesla Roadster in space thing was kinda janky and egotistical, but this is another level... lost most of my respect for the dude.
Whats funny is the right wing troll media hates Musk.  They are constantly attacking Tesla and anything he does.  
Tesla couldn't pay for anything, he died a pauper. Fuck Edison.
And have Tesla pay for it!
**I am Nikola Tesla.  AMA.**
I'm frustrated with the ending, but this episode ultimately had more wins than losses:* Naomi Putnam slayed us all with her hair and outfit* Aunt Lydia got actually slayed with a knife* June slapped Fred* Nick got to hold Nicole before she left* The Marthas got to do a fun team building excercise* Everyone acknowledged Eden being a teenage rebel in her own way* I got to see the inside of what I think was a Tesla model X, love that* Serena got a finger chopped off which we all know she deserves* Nick held up Fred in his own home * Fred got embarrassed by his wife in front of all the other commanders* A house burned down, that's cool* Nicole got out of Gilead!* Emily got out! SHE'S GONNA SEE OLIVER
&gtIn total, 7,973 new passenger plug-in electric cars were registered last month (up 32.7%) and that’s more than half of all car registrations nationwide. The market share stands at 50.3% (second best ever result and the third time the figure has been above 50%)I live in Norway, and driving in the city honestly feels like every other car you see is either a Tesla or a Nissan Leaf
I have heard the actual cost of an ownership of a Tesla Model S is equivalent to that of a Prius due to all the incentives. In fact, the Tesla Model X ($125k) is the fourth highest selling car in the country. It’s pretty amazing how many Teslas there are on the road in Norway.
So tell me again how his trade war makes any sense. It’s going to cause foreign automakers to move their factories / jobs out of the US, and now we can see exactly why it’s causing domestic car companies to move operations overseas as well. It’s a direct result of the republican trade war, and we all saw it coming. But watch all the clueless self destructive fools blame Tesla and turn blame on them for putting new factories overseas. 
from the time he was first contacted (4 days ago) he quickly made a shipment of Tesla batteries to help pumping (not sure if they were used) and delivered a multi-corporation effort of a prototype on their doorstep regardless of if they used it or not, the effort from him and all the people at Tesla, SpaceX, and the small companies that ALSO jumped straight to action, it’s just crazy the WORST case scenario of his involvement, is that their 24/7 pumping allowed them to clear out the caves faster than any predictions (i heard as long as 5 weeks), so if they didn’t use his stuff, it’s because things went so much better than anyone had thought hopefully they don’t have to use the submarine, they’re halfway there. but it’s quite possible the Tesla products are in use, just like they are in PR
Please do not attempt to overclock your Tesla, it may become unstable.
He reigns, from his tesla in space
Shorted Tesla and then posted desperate memes on Reddit
Isn’t this the same dude that accelerated really fast in his Tesla and got his wife to spill her drink all over? 
Elon musk launched me from his tesla
Wow: "The new rules only apply to EV companies." Major win for Tesla. 
This is actually really sad because of how absolutely casual the artist was about this and the simple fact that he wanted to have a discussion about it with a simple attribution and potential credit/commission. The response was nothing short of the typical *'I'm doing you a favour'* many artists receive. So disheartening as I'm a huge Tesla fan myself. I guess all we can do is be sure to support the artist himself. His website is: [http://wallypots.com/](http://wallypots.com/) and seems to feature a plethora of cutesy handmade items similar to the mug in question.
"My feet hurt"His shoes were on the wrong feet.This kid was my roommate in college and he is a naturally gifted electrical engineer. However, he has almost 0 common sense. For example, he built a Tesla coil from a broken microwave, but at the same time proceeded to blow the fuse on half the dorm while doing so. He's lost his keys once, and he asked me if I had seen them. He had been wearing his sweatshirt inside out and they were in the front pocket. This has happened twice.I have more stories if you want them.Edit: More stories yay!I'm going to preface this with the fact that he is one of my best friends. He's a super relaxed guy and he's bought me easily 300 dollars worth of taco Bell. Really genuine guy.This kid came into college in calc 3, and on top of the Tesla coil thing he's also made tasers, a really wonky but somehow working wireless charging thing (totally sketched me out because it sometimes shocked shit randomly), and even wrote a program in Excel that clocked employees at our company in and out for that day. Even though he doesn't work at that facility anymore the company still uses his program, and others have adopted it.However, this kid cannot fucking spell. Every other word is a kindergartenerized version of itself. I proof read all his essays, and it took me an hour to get through a 1500 word prompt, and that was just spelling errors. When we first moved in he brought a fog machine with him. It was a new building and we were the first students in this building so we practically were the test subjects for finding what rules they left out. Anyways, it's 2am on a school night and we're chilling and listening to music when he's like "let's test this fucker." I was kinda iffy on testing it because the fire alarms had gone off from kids vaping before, but he reassured me that we weren't going to "hot box" the room with fog. I left the room for a second to take a shit and mid shit I hear the alarms go off. I knew who it was already so I just said fuck it and finished my shit and walked to my room to get a sweater and shoes. The fire department shows up, he says it was him yadda yadda. We show them the fog machine in our room, but the police are not interested in that at this point. They see all his electrical wires and tasers and shit all over his desk and I shit you not the fire Marshall said "I don't know where you got all of that but that is way more of a fire hazard than this thing (points to fog machine)." From now on in that dorm there are no fog machines allowed.One night I'm up late watching Parks and Recreation when he walks in with a fucking Baguette at 2am and says "Dude you want some long bread?" I of course indulge him. I rip some off, butter it, and nuke it for maybe 12 seconds and eat it. I go back to watching Parks, and not even a 2 minutes later I smell burning. I look over and he's scrambling with his microwaved buttered bread that he put in for way longer than 12 seconds. He was "just doing what I did." He's a big fan of Coronas. Lime included. If you've ever seen history channel snippets of man first using tools, you have a pretty close idea of how he cuts up a lime. Actually I think they would have done it way smarter than him because they would have set the lime on a solid surface instead of holding the beer and a knife in one hand as he cuts the lime in the other.Another time he put a glass Pyrex pan thing on an electric stove and just forgot the stove was on. We are talking about whatever in the living room when the thing just fucking EXPLODES. He wasn't even cooking anything! I don't even know how it exploded! Glad we were standing a good distance from it. He never was allowed to cook again.I still have more.Edit 2:MORE STORIESA couple of these are going to involve he and I working as interns for a contracting company that was contracted by another company that makes electric vehicles. Yes that one.Note that I was working in Fremont, CA and he was in Reno, NV. So this next one is going to be what I heard from his boss out there.Apparently he and a bunch of other Co-workers would go to this place called the Mustang Ranch and blow a shit ton of money on hookers. Like this kid and I worked 70-84 hrs a week and on top of that was per diem. So he had money to blow. I on the other hand saved mine and leased a brand new vehicle when I got back home. According to payroll this kid made like 23-28 Grand working from May - early August. He came back home with maybe 800 dollars. He blew all his money on strippers and hookers lol. We still make fun of him for that.He also bet his BOSS he could out drink him and still make his flight in the morning. He didn't do either. We both got a week off of work while out there so we invited a few friends and decided to explore northern California. Places like Tahoe, Redwoods, San Francisco, etc. We pull up to his hotel in Reno to grab him and he walks out with this huge garbage bag that was clearly going to rip at any second ( he had luggage stuff for his hotel I don't know why he used a garbage bag for his clothes?).We are at Walmart trying to decide what cooler to buy for the road trip, and I'm trying to tell him we should get a plastic cheap one for like 20 bucks, but he insists that we get this 50 dollar bag cooler. So we buy that one and fill it up with ice, beer, and food. During the road trip it leaks all over his clothes and leaves a mildew smell all over the car. (Honestly everyone else's clothes were totally fine he just put his right under the cooler for some reason). We were a ways from any hotel to wash his clothes so we stop at a Kmart way up near Eureka so he can buy new clothes. We get to this really great campsite on the beach, and this guy's first thing to do is run up to the water and fuck around dodging waves and stuff in his one set of clean new clothes. I tell him to watch out cause he's gonna get wet doing that and we're not going back to Kmart. He turns around to look at me and say "Don't woooorry dude I got thi-" right as a wave his him and gets him all wet. This time it ruined his shoes too. ( We ended up going back for new shoes and clothes again because he REEKED in the car)After he's done fucking around in the ocean he tries to set up the tent by himself when it's easily a two man job. He rips a hole in the top of the tent when we're not looking. When we finally go to sleep in the evening we notice it and tell him he's sleeping under it and he does. The Northern California coast is very foggy, and apparently hole in the tent caught the fog perfectly and dripped water on his head all night.
&gt Yes, **Drake had written on “The Life of Pablo,” which was not a secret. And as it happens, he wrote for Kanye on “Ye” as well — the hook for “Yikes” is his. (He also wrote a whole first verse, Kanye said, though it didn’t make the final album.)**&gt &gt This acknowledgment is a shock for those who still see hip-hop as one kind of auteur music, the sort in which the vocalist is relating true-life tales, unembellished and autobiographical, and not the other kind of auteur music, in which one figurehead orchestrates a creative enterprise, drawing on a wide and deep range of talent in search of completing a complex but coherent puzzle.&gt &gt Kanye has long worked with songwriters — something that, because it’s perceived as heterodoxy, is rarely discussed openly. In this moment of increased transparency, though, he’s become Zen about sharing the details.&gt &gt**“It’s incredible how we just sit there and just think and rethink and rewrite and rewrite and rewrite,”** he said of his studio sessions. “We’re not pulling off a magic trick here. We’re like Tesla, we’re not ‘The Prestige.’”&gt &gt **His initial approach to a beat is melodic and rhythmic, finding a cadence that suits his voice, an energy level at which the vocals will be delivered, and maybe a rhyme scheme. From there, he colors in the outlines, bouncing ideas back and forth with any number of writers.**&gt &gt **Since leaving the hospital, Kanye had been compiling notes about his experiences and feelings. For “Ye,” he turned them over to various writers, so that they might help put structure to the thoughts.**&gt &gt**Many are people he’s worked with for years and trusts implicitly. CyHi the Prince is, he said, the best at finding those shapes. The line on “All Mine” about Stormy Daniels, that came from Consequence. “Sometimes I take all the shine/talk like I drank all the wine,” on “Ghost Town,” was contributed by Malik Yusef.**&gt &gt **After hearing Cardi B rap “I gotta stay out of Gucci/I’m finna run out of hangers” on her song “Drip,” Kanye tracked down her co-writer, Pardison Fontaine, and brought him to Wyoming: “I was just like, that’s something that I would have thought of and would like to say.".**&gt &gt In the same way the clothes in the secondhand store struck Kanye as very Yeezy, **the same goes for other rappers’ words and flows**. And like the clothes, **he chooses freely among them for inspiration, building his public, creative self from all the parts available to him.** He even cited the way Tony Robbins delivers his messages as a songwriting inspiration.&gt &gt “This is a really interesting moment,” he said of discussing this process openly. “It’s kind of a controversial moment, right?”&gt This is probably the biggest thing, hip hop-wise, in this article
Burnie knows what he's talking about.  He's Emmy nominated AND owns a Tesla. 
Who would have thought that unions would attack a billionaire CEO that treats his workers like shit?! Musk has enough money to buy himself 5 Bel Air mansions and a private jet, but apparently not enough to pay his employees proper wages or even [see to their security.](https://www.revealnews.org/article/tesla-says-its-factory-is-safer-but-it-left-injuries-off-the-books/)
Literally the only guy who has a Tesla and will never get laid 
Assuming he ~~gets convicted~~ loses this case, fuck him.  I may give Tesla grief over certain decisions they make, but internal sabotage is very cowardly and they should not have to dedicate time and resources to fixing this crap.
Ikr! Fuckers. I want your Tesla! 
&gtFrom: Elon Musk&gt&gtTo: Everybody&gt&gtSubject: Some concerning news&gt&gtJune 17, 2018&gt&gt11:57 p.m.&gt&gtI was dismayed to learn this weekend about a Tesla employee who had conducted quite extensive and damaging sabotage to our operations. This included making direct code changes to the Tesla Manufacturing Operating System under false usernames and exporting large amounts of highly sensitive Tesla data to unknown third parties.&gt&gtThe full extent of his actions are not yet clear, but what he has admitted to so far is pretty bad. His stated motivation is that he wanted a promotion that he did not receive. In light of these actions, not promoting him was definitely the right move.&gt&gtHowever, there may be considerably more to this situation than meets the eye, so the investigation will continue in depth this week. We need to figure out if he was acting alone or with others at Tesla and if he was working with any outside organizations.&gt&gtAs you know, there are a long list of organizations that want Tesla to die. These include Wall Street short-sellers, who have already lost billions of dollars and stand to lose a lot more. Then there are the oil &amp gas companies, the wealthiest industry in the world — they don't love the idea of Tesla advancing the progress of solar power &amp electric cars. Don't want to blow your mind, but rumor has it that those companies are sometimes not super nice. Then there are the multitude of big gas/diesel car company competitors. If they're willing to cheat so much about emissions, maybe they're willing to cheat in other ways?&gt&gtMost of the time, when there is theft of goods, leaking of confidential information, dereliction of duty or outright sabotage, the reason really is something simple like wanting to get back at someone within the company or at the company as a whole. Occasionally, it is much more serious.&gt&gtPlease be extremely vigilant, particularly over the next few weeks as we ramp up the production rate to 5k/week. This is when outside forces have the strongest motivation to stop us.&gt&gtIf you know of, see or suspect anything suspicious, please send a note to *******@tesla.com with as much info as possible. This can be done in your name, which will be kept confidential, or completely anonymously.&gt&gtLooking forward to having a great week with you as we charge up the super exciting ramp to 5000 Model 3 cars per week!&gt&gtWill follow this up with emails every few days describing the progress and challenges of the Model 3 ramp.&gt&gtThanks for working so hard to make Tesla successful,&gtElonThe most important bit is that they caught the saboteur:&gtThe full extent of his actions are not yet clear, but **what he has admitted to so far is pretty bad**. His stated motivation is that he wanted a promotion that he did not receive. In light of these actions, not promoting him was definitely the right move.
[Understanding Why Electric Car Fires Pose a Unique Hazard](http://www.core77.com/posts/74535/Understanding-Why-Electric-Car-Fires-Pose-a-Unique-Hazard)Thus Tesla actually designed two "first responder cut loops" into their cars--one in the front trunk, one in the back--and each year releases Emergency Response Guides for first responders instructing them on how to fight a Tesla fire.Cutting either of the loops "shuts down the high voltage system outside of the high voltage battery and disables the SRS and airbag components," reducing the risk of explosion.They also have to show firefighters where not to cut during rescue/firefighting efforts. Additionally, information is included in Tesla's guide warning of the toxic vapors released by a burning battery.It should be noted that the battery packs in these cars are made up of thousands of smaller batteries.  Not just one or 2 huge ass LI-Ion cells.
2. His dad owned a colonial emerald mine in Zambia and married a fashion model.  1. He went to expensive white's only all boys schools under apartheid in South Africa.  3. He then went to elite colleges in Canada and the US for a business degree.  4. Then, as he loves to remind everyone, apparently he got into Stanford for a PhD, but quit the after 2 whole days.  4. Daddy gave him the money to start a Silicon Valley company in the first dot com boom.5. He lucked out and managed to sell it to Pay Pal.  6. That made him rich, so he dumped his wife and 5 sons (a sixth died as an infant).  7. So he bought Tesla, a company he did not found.7. Then he got a ton of plastic surgery and hair plugs and dated an actress, who he married and divorced.  Twice.8. Then he dated more actresses and singers 20 years younger than him, cut his father out of his life, and continued to ignore his children as he busted union attempts and underpaid his staff.Nowhere in here do I see many good intentions.  A lot of selfishness and childishness.  But this is no role model.
Then Elong Musketeer came down from space giving her his Tesla true story
And then a huge box tied to a parachute landed a few feet away with my name stenciled on the side.  I opened it and it was filled with kittens and bundles of hundred dollar bills!  I found an envelope inside and there was a letter from Elon Musk and he wrote "Congratulations on being totally awesome!  Would you like to run Tesla Motors?"  I would have, but I'm just too darn busy with all my work at the orphanage and leper colony.  BTW, this really happened!
A few things.1. Smartphones/the Internet. I mean, it was around when I went away, but people are so much smarter now because of accessibility. It's almost too much though. It's hard for me to trust a lot of it as I haven't been around it enough, but my bullshit detector is pretty good in normal situations. I'll get the hang of it. I went around telling people that Bill Maher married Ann Coulter at one point. Nope. Compete bullshit. I'm very well read too, but that was embarrassing. I got in an argument when I was locked up about what "arms akimbo" meant for a solid hour and had half my block giving me shit about it apparently meaning standing with your arms crossed. I WAS FUCKING RIGHT. IT'S HANDS ON YOUR HIPS MOTHERFUCKERS! If I had a screen genius I could have just looked it up and settled it in 1min.2. And this is a big one. You have to bring your own shopping bags or pay for a plastic bag. How did you people fuck up so bad that they don't allow just anybody to have a plastic bag?3. Cars. They're so quiet. They're all fast as fuck too. 200hp was a big deal 15 years ago. Now they can squeeze that out of a tin can. Took me a while to figure out why everyone was shutting their engines off at stoplights too. And screens. Screens everywhere. They stop by themselves too and some of them are all electric. Seeing a Tesla drive by for the first time was crazy.4. I could go on and on, but in general, people talk to each other much less now. Everyone is obsessed with their phones. They're cool, I know, but you have the freedom to do whatever the fuck you want and y'all are choosing to look at a screen all day instead. No one is bored anymore either. I'm so used to thinking of things to *do* when I'm bored. I'd imagine the things I'd do if I was back home. Walk my dog, go to my garage and dick around on my guitar that I didn't know how to play, but I'd for sure figure it out eventually. Anything. Never imagined sitting on a couch swiping through bullshit. I get weird looks now for starting conversations with strangers half the time. Other times, people look surprised, then I can tell they haven't done it in so long they forgot they really enjoyed it.Donald Fucking Trump also becoming president makes me wonder how much things have changed that I haven't realized yet because NOBODY saw that coming. Still learning... We live in a very strange and beautiful world. GO OUTSIDE.
My grin melted down when I saw my bank account stale. How? The old tarot reader had told me that as long as none witnessed the blessing God had sent me, nothing would stop it. The coin had hit me in the head two days later, very much like Newton's apple had hit him.Perhaps it had a range I didn't know of? Perhaps sending it to space in a the Tesla car seat hadn't been the best idea. And then an idea came upon me like a falling tree. 'As long as none witnessed it,' the tarot reader had said. I shuddered, and dialed a friend of mine."Elon?" I said."Robert, how are you doing? Thank you very much for your last donation, was just ab-about to give you a ca-call," he said, stuttering briefly."My pleasure Elon," I said, keeping my cool. "Listen, could you tell me the current state of the Tesla car you sent to space?""The Tesla car?" He went silent for a moment. "It's up there, orbiting, according to my screen.""Are you sure? Did your people perhaps cleaned it up before launching it?" My heart was throbbing wildly, yet I somehow kept my composure."Of course they did, we had it perfected and inspected days before the launch.""Okay, thanks Elon. Sorry for the weird question." I threw the phone, with the wrath of a spoiled man who had just became poor, out of my sight.I surrendered myself between the sheets of my bed, trembling and screaming terrible things at my pillows. I had slipped the coin minutes before they loaded the car, there was no possible way the coin had been found.I'll be damned, but something was watching us from beyond.-------------------------------------------------------Elon frowned at his phone. There was only one reason why Robert could have been suspicious, and if Robert had noticed, then the entire SpaceX did too. Elon frantically scrolled through his contact list, calling Brandon, head of SpaceX secret team. "Brandon, tell me something," Elon said, "there was any anomaly regarding the Tesla we sent to space?""Not that I know of. The part we noticed had dislodged from the car days ago ended up being a false alarm.""Oh yes, I had been notified about it. Thank you."Elon smiled, shuffling a coin between his fingers. How blind could these humans be? How hadn't they noticed he had flown nearby the car to retrieve that errant coin gravity had pulled away?Elon pondered over the words his guru, an old tarot reader he had secretly seen two weeks ago, had told him, 'A grain of sand holds what you seek, and in the vast nothingness you will find it."He was well aware of what those words had meant, and so he smiled and grabbed his iron-man comic, knowing Robert would be having an existential crisis, knowing money would never stop him from fulfilling his quest for conquest.-------------------------------------------/r/therobertfall for more stories!       
The business *is* in trouble right now, which could explain his tweet rants - he's never before  tweeted as much as he has in the last few weeks. This is undoubtedly Tesla's worst period since 2008, with one exception: back then they could've been bought out since they were a small company. But now they're worth 50 billion, Apple's teamed up with Volkswagen, Alphabet has Waymo and Softbank invested in GM/Cruise.  No one is there to save them now. It's going to either be the greatest escape in business history or collapse. I don't see anything in-between. The only thing that has taken Tesla so far is Musks promises and marketing : any other sane founder/CEO would have kept Tesla a niche company. Insanity ends in failure 99% of the time, but that 1% chance could change everything. 
This will get buried, but for a lay person, this is why Tesla is the most shorted stock on the market and why some people want Musk out: --------------------------------------Summary of Tesla's situation:- Tesla currently has 2.67 billion in cash.- About 1.1 billion of this is in loans that need to be returned early next year- Around 40% of their cash in hand is from refundable deposits, many from people who thought they would get a $35k car- Tesla cannot make $35k Model 3s at a profit right now or in the near future(this is generally accepted, and even Tesla hinted at it), they'll probably lose money even making $42k cars. They need to make $50k cars at scale to earn strong profits- When asked in the earning call last for last quarter about reservations and how many people chose to cancel/take up their car once offered, Musk stunningly called the question "boring" and "boneheaded" and went on take questions from a youtuber for 20 mins. This was considered unprecedented and bizarre and stock dove.- Tesla is losing about 800-900 million a quarter, so they will run out of money without a cash infusion. Literally everyone(all major banks/investors/analysts) knows that Tesla will need to raise capital this year.- Musk though, has insisted that Tesla will not need to raise cash because they will be "profitable by Q3 or Q4". A reminder that they lost 780 million in Q1, and even small profits won't be enough to prevent running out of cash. In order to make sustainable profits they need to sell around 10,000 model 3s a week. They were supposed to produce 5000 cars a week in 2017. They have just now been able to produce 2500/week.- Even bulls say that Musk is bluffing and he will eventually raise cash this year. Moody's downgrade of Tesla to essentially junk stocks makes it harder to raise cash at good interest rates. Moreover, there is speculation and some evidence that the reason Tesla haven't already done so, is that they are under SEC investigation which would prevent them from raising cash without disclosing a lot of details harmful to them.- Tesla has access to standard credit lines for about 500 million, but they recently had to pledge their Fremont factory to just maintain these credit lines.- A lot of Tesla's financial executives have left the company - a red flag to many including Jim Chanos, who famously shorted Enron due to similar indicators. The head of autopilot left and the head of engineering left 'for vacation' recently- Tesla's autopilot is complete false advertising. Their original autopilot was developed by MobilEye. MobilEye hated tesla's exaggeration of the system's capabilities and withdrew their supply after a person died using autopilot. Tesla responded that mobileye was jealous of Tesla's superior "Enhanced Autopilot" which has hardware capable of full self driving. It is generally accepted on owner and enthusiast forums that enhanced autopilot is worse than mobileye's system right now(edit: in the last few months some people feel Enhanced AP has surpassed the original one in terms of capabilities, though most agree it is still less relaible), and in general both are basically lane-keeping system with AEB. Waymo and GM/Cruise are far ahead with their FSD capabilities than Tesla(again, widely accepted)- Part of Tesla's debt comes from bailing out Solar City, a completely unprofitable company loaded with debt that was run by Musk's cousins. Some people saw this as nepotistic and a conflict of interest(Musk held part ownership of SolarCity while his cousins ran it), with a few investors suing Tesla over the deal.- Starting from 2019 and 2020, all the major automakers are bringing out electric models. This will further damage Tesla's competitiveness, since they have the wost QA and build quality due to their haphazard and panicked development process and their $7500 tax credit is about to run out. Despite all this, the market cap of tesla is larger than Ford, Fiat and nearly equal to GM. Their inflated market cap(which even Musk admits is inflated if you "look at past results") is fuelling their funding which inflates the market cap even more as they lose more money trying to make bigger promises. What does Tesla have to its advantage? Tremendous marketing and brand value. They're probably inching towards or even surpassing Apple - and virtually all of this is tied to Musk. What does Tesla have against it? The realities of running a business and actually making the products.**Edit**: I did not expect this to blow up and regret not linking the sources(the original text was for myself and people who follow tesla closely). Most of it is from quarterly earnings report, public statements, article and analysis. It's very late night here, I will update this comment with sources for every point tomorrow. In the mean time you can google most of the specific ones. (Eg: 'Tesla Fremont factory pledge' leads to this: https://www.reuters.com/article/tesla-factory/tesla-offers-fremont-factory-to-boost-liquidity-ifr-news-idUSL1N1SF2LU) or ask at r/RealTesla **Also**: I don't short Tesla and I am not an investor or stock expert: just someone who's spent the past few months researching them out of curiosity that stemmed form my interest in them. I think people should be exposed to the reasons why Tesla is betted against, as people don't hear the reasons in the mainstream - just the fact that they are 'in trouble' or 'shorted'. But most people would like to know more, so I posted this. ------------------------Edit 2: I'm back, here are some quick responses to **common questions**: 1)'Some German engineers recently said Model 3 cost 28k to make after Production and Materials were accounted for'. This only takes into account production costs but Tesla have way more costs with them due to being new to the industry and creating their manufacturing process. &gtErik Gordon, a professor at the University of Michigan’s Ross School of Business says the margins on the Model 3 must still pay for a cost structure that legacy carmakers don’t have, including planned factory expansions, new automation investments, and its own dealership network. While Tesla has its own advantages, like integrated solar and energy storage products and no costly pension liabilities, the company is counting on fat gross margins of 25% to stay in the black. (Ford by contrast has 10% margins.)The $28,000 estimate for building the Model 3 “shows there’s some possibility of making money at the low end,” said Gordon. “But it actually doesn’t leave very much [money] per car for all the other expenses. If they’re selling it for less than $50,000, I don’t think it’s a good business.”[Source](https://qz.com/1294282/the-tesla-model-3-cost-28000-to-build-german-engineers-say-and-it-still-may-not-be-profitable/)2)'Weekly rate is not 2500 but 3500 or it will soon hit 5000'Last official numbers(Q1 report) are 2500 at the end of March and that was a burst rate(they put all their efforts over a short period of time, not consistent rate across the quarter). They "expect" to reach 5000 by end of q2 but they also expected that by 2017. Again if it's a burst rate it's a pretty useless metric. Tesla aren't expected to reach 5000/week on avg on q2, but 5000/week one week in q2 which is very different. 
Because when it comes to Tesla he's been doing a shitty job?* Met no production goals, had to retool a bunch of times which involved completely stopping production, now has to ask college kids to help him fix his production for free. * Promised fully self driving this year, has been pre-selling it, decided you only need cameras to be self driving, and in house autopilot 2.0 drives into walls and stationary objects. * During the quarterly report he called investors boring and interrupted them and told them to stop investing.* Got Tesla kicked out of the NTSB investigation into autopilot killing a guy by releasing information that was not to be released yet. Called the guy who died an idiot for using autopilot. Tesla is burning money (almost $1b last quarter) making the same mistakes other auto makers learned to avoid decades ago because Elon refuses to listen to advice.Edit: Don't forget people paid thousands to land a spot on the waiting list, only to find they can't purchase the $30k model S they were promised. 
For my 16th birthday party a friend brought over some alcohol to drink after everyone went to sleep. He brought a water bottle full of scotch. He said it was really old and his dad never drank it so he wouldn’t know. (Not only did we get caught but it was apparently rare and expensive.) We didn’t like the taste so we lined up 6 shots each. Went from trashed to throwing up faster than a Tesla goes 0-60 in inane mode. 
Elon Musk could have saved millions launching his Tesla into space this way. 
The author should have used something more realistic:&gt	Everything seemed to be going great until a shiny red Tesla roadster fell from orbit and crashed into the main generators. 
he'll sleep in the car, it's a tesla model X. seats fold all the way back and it even has a "camper" mode.
"*I do not think there is any thrill that can go through the human heart like that felt by the inventor as he sees some creation of the brain unfolding to success... well maybe a big titty bitch jumping out of a cake"*- Tesla
There are some things you can only do ONCE in a Tesla!
the tesla faster than a aventador? no way.it accelerates quicker to 60mph, but from 60 -120mph the lambo is much quicker, and when it comes to cornering and top speed there is no comparison.
"One day, there will be a car with my name on it sent into space."-Nikola Tesla- Bellevue Hospital. 1932.
It sucks because this is a promo video for a neat thing, and somebody put a lot of time and effort into making it look unstableKind of like when Top Gear cost Tesla a billion dollars by faking a breakdown on their test track because Jeremy Clarkson thinks electric cars are hippy bullshit
I love how all these people think Elon is some noble truth seeker.  No, the dude is just mad that financial journalists are shitting all over Tesla for consistently fucking up their production targets because unlike the pack of geniuses at futurology, they know that Tesla isn't some magical company exempt from normal business concerns.
The guy who is constantly lying about media reporting is going to create a site about credibility scores... okhttps://i.redd.it/l0vefhtyyxhz.pnghttps://i.imgur.com/0RI9Ucj.pngAlso quick reminder that this is how Tesla responded to the Center for Investigative Reporting revealing the horrible working conditions in their factories:&gtIn our view, what they portray as investigative journalism is in fact an ideologically motivated attack by an extremist organization working directly with union supporters to create a calculated disinformation campaign against Tesla.Yep, they call a very well-respected investigative journalism non-proft an "extremist organisation". I'm sure Musk's site will be totally objective though! /s
Took delivery 5/11. Washed car this weekend and felt my wash mitt catch under the front bumper. Got on my hands and knees and found this. I just emailed the service center to see what they have to say. My hunch is it fell off of a ramp on a car carrier truck and they just brute forced it off. Look at how the scrapes go back and forth, like they were trying to rock it off. Edit: reply from Tesla I called earlier and they asked for pics, which I sent after work: "Yikes! Definitely sorry if that happened during transport or otherwise before delivery and we didn’t catch it! Thanks for the detailed pics. Give us a few days to get the parts on order and we will reach out to schedule for replacement and the paint work. Let us know if we can do anything else in the meantime!"Edit2: reply2 from Tesla, when I said I thought it fell off of a car carrier ramp: "I couldn’t say definitively, but it does seem consistent with a diamond grip type rail. The blue coloring transferred also seems to indicate that would be hard to pull off in the wild. Likely didn’t ‘fall off’ but the ramps could have been uneven or something else. At any rate, I’ll get parts sorted first thing and keep you in the loop. Any other under panels damaged not previously pictured?"Edit3: Tesla service said they ordered a replacement factory-painted front bumper. No ETA yet, but amazing service and responsiveness so far!
The model x weighs around 5200 lbs. In comparison, the new Ford Escape weighs about 3600 lbs. The Tesla does not even have an engine! The massive weight difference is due to the huge battery. The battery's low mounted position gives the Tesla a center of gravity much more like a supercar that's low to the ground like the Lamborghini or Ferrari where it takes a lot for them to rollover. Edit: Guys I get it. I should not have compared it to the escape, a smaller SUV. Point is, the model x is heavy for its size and its weight is distributed very low towards the ground making less likely to roll over. 
His twitter says 15% faster then the M3.Aren't you excited for a 6:29 Nurbergring time? Beating every other production car by 18 seconds? Based on a car that cant even do a hot lap without limp mode?Come on, why do you doubt that?Better add /s cause Im sure some Tesla fanboys will actually believe that
Now all I want to see is a Tesla Optimus Prime
To be fair, Nikola Tesla was rich during a period of time. He, for instance, bought expensive gloves and suits only to throw them away at the end of the week and buy new ones.
First, research before the internet cuts out. Look up homes of eccentric architects with off grid homes, preferably somewhere in California where you can farm year round. At the very least, find neighborhoods with the highest levels of solar panels. Next, get a good traveling vehicle going with good supplies that you need long term. Hunting equipment, books on survival, farming, etc, how to build radios, hook up solar power, filter water, etc. go to the library and print off as much as possible from the internet that you might need before it's too late. Next, gather equipment that makes it easy to break into and Hotwire cars, break into homes, and siphon gas - collect gas containers as well. Eventually, establish myself in an off grid home, at least with the power supply, and rig a rain water storage system. If I'm successful finding a home with good solar panel supply, find a tesla and use that to get around. Next, figure out a radio system to start contacting people to build a community, and take over a farm - get to the farm animals before they die.
Elon MuskI'm going to get flamed for this but he mistreats his employees and even working with him is terrible.http://fortune.com/2018/04/18/tesla-osha-investigation-worker-safety/http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2015/05/elon-musk-work-comes-before-childbirth.htmlhttps://www.inverse.com/article/44921-elon-musk-tesla-internsThe CEO of mobileye terminated their lucrative contract with Musk because of his terrible ethics.https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2018-05-16/intel-s-autonomous-car-company-is-selling-safety-firsthttps://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/business/mobileye-breaks-ties-with-tesla-1.5435561His ex-wife calls him a tyrant. https://www.marieclaire.com/sex-love/a5380/millionaire-starter-wife/
His mom? Nikola Tesla
* Liberals are Idiots* Conservatives are Idiots* I voted for Hillary* I voted for Trump* Tesla sucks and Musk is an idiot* Global Warming doesn't exist* Anything GunsEDIT: I forgot to mention that Star Wars is stupid and all marvel movies are terrible. 
It seems the only thing a Tesla can't do is leave the factory
My Tesla Model X was slammed into by a semi on the freeway a couple of weeks ago, and I walked away with neither a single bruise nor scratch on me. Can *that* be front-page news? 
&gt According to NHTSA, there was an automotive fatality every 86M miles in 2017 (~40,000 deaths). Tesla was every 320M miles.There are big problems with focusing on that statistic, though.  For instance, the demographics of people who drive Teslas isn't equivalent to the demographics of drivers as a whole.According to [this page](https://www.cdc.gov/motorvehiclesafety/teen_drivers/teendrivers_factsheet.html), &gtper mile driven, teen drivers ages 16 to 19 are nearly three times more likely than drivers aged 20 and older to be in a fatal crash.I don't see a whole lot of teen drivers behind the wheel of $80k+ luxury cars.  That alone would make a significant difference in the numbers.
Elon was also tweeting in reply to the Eye Tracking report:From @Techmeme:&gt Sources: Tesla engineers wanted to add eye tracking and other sensors to Autopilot at its debut to help alert drivers but were rejected by Musk over cost fears (@timkhiggins / Wall Street Journal)&ampnbsp**Elon:**&gt This is false. Eyetracking rejected for being ineffective, not for cost. WSJ fails to mention that Tesla is safest car on road, which would make article ridiculous. Approx 4X better than avg.&ampnbspReply from @TalkTesla:&gt You've mentioned that Tesla is 4x safer than avg before.  Can you share some deeper data points on this so we can help spread the truth?&ampnbsp**Elon:**&gt According to NHTSA, there was an automotive fatality every 86M miles in 2017 (~40,000 deaths). Tesla was every 320M miles. It’s not possible to be zero, but probability of fatality is much lower in a Tesla. We will be reporting updated safety numbers after each quarter.&ampnbspReply from @sokane1: &gt Starting to Q2?&ampnbsp**Elon:**&gt Yes
It may have been slightly controversial as Elon is on record having said that nobody gets a deal on a Tesla, not even his own family.EDIT: typo
That's how it starts..."Hey, that building looks kinda cyberpunk!""Wow, have you seen how the new Tesla looks like a spaceship?""Hey look at this new phone! It's clear glass!""So this new knife can cut solid steel..."And before you know it we're all "hold my replicant I gotta go down neon street to pick up my latex bodysuit so we can jack in to the grid tonight" and I for one am totally on board with thatEdit: this got bigger than I thought so here's a plug for /r/outrun and /r/cyberpunk
I'm curious about the specific causes of the automation bottle necks. It sounds like they just need someone to program the robots better? Or does the hackathon include constructing original mechanical prototypes? And can you copyright your success and make tesla the licensee? You probably sign something handing over all rights in order to be aloud to mess with their tech, though huh?
Elon musk built an AI replica of himself so that he could be more productive. However, that replica has gained actual sentience and went rogue. He killed the real musk. The crash dummy in the tesla that they launched into space? That was the lifeless body of the real musk.and yes, i am a musk truther
Man, watching this makes me miss the original suit. Don't get me wrong the nano suit version is awesome in its own right, and I suppose logical considering Tony will always be improving his suits, but the original had such a realistic badassery going for it. The nanosuit was too... easy and smooth. He's not Iron Man at that point but Nanobot Man or something. The original seems more 'real' and grounded, much like others here are mentioning the entire movie was. It *feels* heavy and capable of making an impact. The whirring movements, the charging of blasts, the rockets and bullets. It obeyed gravity much more.The latest Iron man is more of a smooth Tesla with no sound  when moving and hyper charged shooting beams. It's more of a fantasy rather than something you can 'relate' to in a sense. 
2002 - "SpaceX? What's that?"2008 - "A privately funded rocket was lost on its way to space Saturday night, bringing a third failure in a row to an Internet multimillionaire's effort to create a market for low-cost space-delivery." - NY Times2011 - "Musk's enthusiasm is infectious and inspiring, but SpaceX's performance to date doesn't measure up to the rhetoric." - Forbes2011 - "...The most experienced rocket engineers with whom I have spoken believe that it will require many years and substantial investment to reach the necessary level of safety and reliability (to be sucessful)"  - Neil Armstrong2012 - "I don't see SpaceX as the private company that's going to take us to mars" - Neil DeGrasse Tyson2014 - "I like working on technology that will have a positive effect on the world. You know, stuff that is going to matter and if we don't solve it there could be some bad outcome for out future, the future of humanity.  When we started SpaceX, and Tesla in particular, I didn't think either of them particularly would succeed." - Elon Musk2015 - "The delusion is thinking that SpaceX is going to lead the space frontier" - Neil DeGrasse Tyson2018 - "Doubts About SpaceX Reliability Persist As Astronaut Missions Approach" - ForbesI'm just gonna leave this here, ill be back in 2024.Wow, thanks for the gold! Gonna leave one more quote for you guys."When critics say, "You can't do this." Your answer to them is?..." - Scott Pelley"We've done it." - Elon Musk2014
Ever notice how Elon's companies are all about colonizing Mars?* SolarCity to provide electricity* Boring company to dig tunnels* SpaceX to get us there* Tesla for electric vehicles to drive around when we get there (one's already on the way ))
Tesla basically shuts down on anything with a salvage title and you lose access to their infrastructure (updates, supercharging, etc.) 
Dave drives a modest family car but still couldn't resist splurging on a $140,000 Tesla which he acknowledges is 'impractical' and 'the stupidest thing.'*Grohl added, “I have a Tesla P100D, and that car goes 0 to 60 in 2.4 seconds. It’s the fastest car I’ve ever been in my entire life. I’m sure that when people see me driving it, they’re like, ‘Dave Grohl is a fucking asshole.'”*Foo Fighters bandmate Taylor Hawkins, who still drives a 2005 Subaru Baja added,*“I’m sorry, but an asshole car is like a Bentley or something like that, that’s like a status car. Tesla’s are just fucking badass. My wife has one, and it’s like driving a fucking spaceship, it really is. There’s nothing gnarlier than that car out there, it really is the future of cars. It’s just a fucking badass car. But if you’re driving a Rolls, you’re like, ‘Okay, look at me!'”*[Source](https://www.alternativenation.net/foo-fighters-140-cars-revealed-driving-spaceship/)
From her Wikipedia:"Grimes is currently in a relationship with Elon Musk. They made their relationship debut at the 2018 Met Gala on May 7th. Sources say Elon shoves model Tesla cars up Grimes' vaygina as a form of love making. She will soon release a single about it in June 2018. Grimes discography"Never change internet. Never change.
Is that a Tesla choker?
Genius can take a terrible toll on those that do not have the right people to help them nurture it.Don't forget Nikola Tesla died penniless and (allegedly) married to a pigeon.Kanye is currently supported by a bunch of women that successfully rode the coattails of the documented dick-taking ability of one of their own into fame.
&gt	That’s quite a brutal way to make a review of your contractors, especially with the way it is phrased. We are not only talking about needing an official Tesla employee to make a recommendation to HR but to “put their reputation on the line for them.” Many employees could be reticent to do it since if something happens down the line, it might end up coming back to them.Sounds like a toxic work environment...
It’s time for Tesla to program an optional feature to call or make an alarm sound on your phone when the car is unplugged before it reaches a percentage you preset.
Being from the UK and living somewhere a bit shit i've only about 6 weeks ago got to look inside a parked Tesla car. My very first thought when seeing the monster touchscreen nonsense in place of a dash board was "well that's gonna be a bit distracting" 
In order to understand the reasoning behind the recent spat of bad news, you have to know a little about the state of Tesla as a company. If there was ever a case that markets are speculative, then Tesla is it. Its entire stock price is based on people's expectations of how much money Tesla is going to be bringing in once the Model 3 production is completely ramped up. Except the production has been bottlenecking for a while. There are many issues here, among them Musk's overreliance on automation, unrealistic timetables, etc. The biggest issue, however, is how much cash Tesla burns on a daily basis. [This Bloomberg article estimates that Tesla spends $6500 a minute](https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2018-tesla-burns-cash/) That's 3.28 billion over the last 12 months. All with no actual results. Which would be fine, if Tesla made money. But they don't. They haven't posted a positive quarter in years, if you account for depreciating and amortizing cashflows.Musk also made absurd promises (which he reaffirmed many times) about how many Model 3s would be produced weekly by April 2018. The current production number is well below his estimations. WELL below. Add on top of that, the only factory that produces Models 3 (in California) will shut down for 10 days this month, for reasons related to Tesla's overreliance on automation.Some of the customers of the Model have been waiting over a year for a car they have already paid for. (EDIT: poster pointed out this was only a down payment of a $1000 dollars.)Cue several days ago when Tesla posted their worst quarter yet. Musk was giving a conference call, when one of the analysts asked whether some preorders were being configured by customers (meaning, will those customers be spending extra money on extra features?) The analyst actually had an overall positive outlook on the stock at the time (he has since downgraded his outlook from 300-something to $285), and in my opinion, was trying to justify an expensive valuation by searching for cash flows that analysts may have missed in their value models. Musk cut him off for no reason, called his question boring and then took a question from a youtube star and spent twenty minutes answering that instead.Musk is obviously an ideas man, with little to no knowledge of how to actually run a public company. Compounding this is the electric car market is about to be flooded by other companies looking to actually make the revenue Tesla has only promised.EDIT: Since some people are interested in Tesla's financials, here's the last ten years of income statements from Tesla: https://www.barchart.com/stocks/quotes/TSLA/income-statement/annual?reportPage=1Some notable features. Tesla's gross margin has been declining for some time, i.e. production costs are going up, not down. This is not how healthy companies operate. An argument can be made new companies are supposed to burn money ramping up production, but Tesla is a decade old at this point.Also note their operating margin is non existent. You can only spend so much money while not making any before something has to change. At what point will they actually start making money? Here's the last ten years of balance sheets from Tesla: https://www.barchart.com/stocks/quotes/TSLA/balance-sheet/annualLook at the deferred revenues under liabilities. Those are all pre-orders. Look at the sky rocketing debt. Here's the last ten years of cash flows from Tesla:https://www.barchart.com/stocks/quotes/TSLA/cash-flow/annualLook at the rate of new debt issued. Look at the increasing debt payments. Look at the increasing use of Depreciation Amortization to offset net income. At some point, this has to reach critical mass. Either the Model becomes the most successful vehicle in the history of vehicles (in which case, it is still not a foregone conclusion Tesla will be able to survive) or Tesla goes under. 
&gt Builders installing batteries like the Tesla Powerwall would get “compliance credits,” allowing them to further reduce the size of the solar system.Elon Musk is really going all in on that space colonization thing
 &gtAmong the highlights:   &gtThe new solar mandate would apply to all houses, condos and apartment buildings up to three stories tall that obtain building permits after Jan. 1, 2020.&gtExceptions or alternatives will be allowed when homes are shaded by trees or buildings or when the home’s roofs are too small to accommodate solar panels.&gtSolar arrays can be smaller because homes won’t have to achieve true net-zero status.&gtBuilders installing batteries like the Tesla Powerwall would get “compliance credits,” allowing them to further reduce the size of the solar system.&gtProvisions will encourage more electric use or even all-electric homes to reduce natural gas consumption. State officials say improved technology is making electric water heaters increasingly cost-effective.
I heard the 17 was a mistake, and that it was actually 70 minutes (impressive still). Any confirmation on that?EDIT: According to /u/LastNameIsJones's [reply](https://www.reddit.com/r/Futurology/comments/8gywcp/tesla_making_model_3_battery_packs_in_17_minutes/dygpz86/), a Musk's email, as well as a Tesla spokesperson, both later [confirmed 70 to be the correct number](https://jalopnik.com/tesla-plans-more-production-shutdowns-to-prep-for-makin-1825726126).
Thread of conversation:[MKBHD - True, the “dry” questions in this case were asked by investors, who have every right to be super angry. And they totally are.](https://twitter.com/mkbhd/status/992037074550353921?s=21) [Elon - The “dry” questions were not asked by investors, but rather by two sell-side analysts who were trying to justify their Tesla short thesis. They are actually on the *opposite* side of investors. HyperChange represented actual investors, so I switched to them.](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/992333108346277888?s=21) [Elon - To be clear, I’m a big fan of MKBHD, but this is an important clarification](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/992337618091298816?s=21) [User - (Summary) Good questions came after that. It weeded out some bad investors and now long haul investors will come in. Stock should have gone up instead.](https://twitter.com/thephoenixflare/status/992339626802085888?s=21) [Elon - Yeah, news is actually super good. Model S &amp X are producing major positive cash flow &amp Model 3 is about to do same.](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/992341387613016064?s=21) [User - That's not the issue. The fact that you were clearly unable or unwilling to give a straight answer to valid and pertinent cash flow questions is a huge red flag to any investor.](https://twitter.com/ataraxia_invest/status/992343295782277125?s=21) [Elon - They were neither valid nor pertinent. I will explain why on a primary Twitter thread.](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/992354361975042048?s=21) [Elon - First, it’s important to know that Tesla is the most shorted (meaning most bet against) stock on the market &amp has been for a while](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/992362594961780742?s=21) [The 2 questioners I ignored on the Q1 call are sell-side analysts who represent a short seller thesis, not investors](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/992367087761817600?s=21) User - If you know their negative angle beforehand, just block them in the queue then so you never have to hear such questions live. Problem solved.[Elon - True. And once they were on the call, I should have answered their questions live. It was foolish of me to ignore them.](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/992381848104747008?s=21) [The reason the Bernstein question about CapEx was boneheaded was that it had already been answered in the headline of the Q1 newsletter he received beforehand, along with details in the body of the letter](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/992372195304198144?s=21) [Reason RBC question about Model 3 demand is absurd is that Tesla has roughly half a million reservations, despite no advertising &amp no cars in showrooms. Even after reaching 5k/week production, it would take 2 years just to satisfy existing demand even if new sales dropped to 0.](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/992374493132742656?s=21) User - In fairness to RBC, I think there is a ‘kickstarter’ like issue of hype vs sustainability. It is good to know what indications you have that there is sustainable demand for a mass market product.[Elon - We went through the same drama on S &amp X and almost all confirmed in the end. Will likely be even better for Model 3, as customer satisfaction score post delivery is higher. I worry zero about demand. Just spent all night in the factory, not the showroom.](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/992378642830262272?s=21) Fred - The take would make Tesla look bad, but it's not actually representative of demand because Tesla is only producing one configuration of the Model 3 right now. So of course res holders who want AWD, standard battery, non-premium package, are all deciding not to order.User - Basically take rate is orders now plus deferred for other configuration minus cancellations, probably in the high 90%.Elon - Yup[Oh and uh short burn of the century comin soon. Flamethrowers should arrive just in time.](https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/992388944774938626?s=21) 
It should be Edison and they should be offering some sort of competing electric truck design that is the same thing but works on a different frequency... or something... Edison vs Tesla! Yeaaahh!
lol I can't believe a Tesla competitor chose Tesla's first name as their brand name
As it should.  I’m a tesla supporter, and own an S.  But you can’t pull shit like this and not expect your stock to take a hit.  
&gt National Parks[A short look on Google](https://www.europeanbestdestinations.com/top/best-national-parks-in-europe/)&gt Work OpportunitiesThe example shows results for marketing manager in Connecticut and Texas. I've done the same search on Monster (limited on Germany alone) and [guess what ](https://www.monster.de/jobs/suche/?q=Marketing-Manager&ampcy=de&amprad=20&ampintcid=swoop_HeroSearch_DE)&gt Suburban Living AreasDo these people know that Europe not only consists of big cities but also small ones and even villages. The outer districts of Berlin have vast areas comparible to US Suburbia. &gt Netflix SelectionPoint. &gt Geographic Diversity &gt If you lived in Southern California you could spend the morning surfing on the ocean and head inland to go skiing in the afternoon.If you tend to live in Switzerland, you could spend the morning on an italian beach and head to the Alps to go skiing in the afternoon ... &gt Convenience StoresThere is Real or Kaufland in Germany. In France they have Carefour (as much as I remember). Stupid places, because I dont want to buy my clothings where I buy my groceries. &gt Bar-becue&gtWhile Germany may be known for it’s smoked sausage and sauerkraut, the U.S. is the undisputed king of smoked meats and slow cooking.Point, but still: do these people think we eat nothing but roots and grass. "Undisputed". Seriously? &gt Customization of VehiclesWell. I dont know, but I want my cars to have doors and seatbelts. I want cars to safe and not to be moving experiments.&gt Access To New TechnologyYeah. My messenger pigeons are doing fine and fire for smoke signals only Tuesdays. Currently there is this new big thing called "Wheel". Must be a god send ... &gt Public Funding For Scientific ResearchSee above. We dont need public reasearch funding, when we have fire! The European concept seperation of Universities and dedicated research facilites is still unknown to the people over there it seems. By the way: the picture used is linked to Nicola Tesla ... guess where he came from.&gt Free RefillsI dont even ... They must be thinking there is one state-controlled restaurant and nothing else in Europe. &gt Interstate Highway SystemOne word: Autobahn. &gt because creating a cohesive and updated road network in Europe would require cooperation between separate governments. If there was only an European Organisation in which member states can cooperate and support each other ... if only. &gt Online ShoppingI ... Fuck this. Seriously. &gt Halloween CelebrationsGood thing this never found widespread adoption. Children knocking on doors to beg for candy? Sluty Bee costumes. No, thanks. &gt used as an excuse for Americans to get hammered drunk and dress up as their favorite superhero or popular television character.Good to live in Europe, where you dont need an excuse to get drunk. You just do. &gt Professional SportsSure. The most professional football leagues (dont call it soccer I dare all of you) and very often on top in the olympics is not enough. &gt Super Bowl is often one of the most watched television events in the world.The adverts and interruption festival. Have these people ever heard of the Word Cup?!&gt 24-Hour RestaurantsThey would be surprised about the fact, that I can get lobster with butter sauce in Berlin ... at 3am in the morning. &gt Year-Round SummersParts of souther Italy or Spain too. &gt  Freedom of SpeechDo I have to elaborate anymore. &gt Many countries in Europe have not adopted this principle, resulting in draconian policies towards individual sexuality and religious practices....  [I leave this here.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_Convention_on_Human_Rights)Conclussion: What a waste of time. 
Though I can't find it at the moment, that actually has been an advertised feature. Like, you go somewhere, say dinner in the big city. You park in front of the restaurant, get out. The Tesla will then, on its own, without you in the car at all, go park itself. And, from the restaurant, you can call the Tesla to come pick you up. This would be amazing for people that go out drinking at night, or for busy moms to pick up their kids from soccer practice, or people distributing drugs/guns around the city. Just think of the possibilities!
Musk values his personal profits over safety and that has been proven times and again: https://www.cnbc.com/2018/04/15/reveal-report-tesla-cut-corners-on-safety-at-fremont-factory.html&gtSources told Reveal that safety compromises were made at Tesla's Fremont factory to appease CEO Elon Musk's aesthetic preferences. &gtAccording to them, because Musk didn't like the color yellow, the factory floor did not have clearly marked pedestrian lanes, and instead had lanes painted different shades of gray. https://www.revealnews.org/article/tesla-says-its-factory-is-safer-but-it-left-injuries-off-the-books/&gtAnd in addition to yellow, Musk was said to dislike too many signs in the factory and the warning beeps forklifts make when backing up, former team members said. His preferences, they said, were well known and led to cutting back on those standard safety signals.https://www.theverge.com/2017/8/24/16198300/elon-musk-tesla-autopilot-confirmed-engineers-safety-concerns-report&gt**Elon Musk promised full self-driving abilities despite engineers’ safety concerns: report**&gtWhen Elon Musk announced last fall that all of Tesla’s cars would be capable of “full autonomy,” engineers who were working on the suite of self-driving features, known as Autopilot, did not believe the system was ready to safely control a car.&gt[...]&gtA major cause of this conflict has apparently been the way Musk chose to market Autopilot. The decision to refer to Autopilot as a “full self-driving” solution — language that makes multiple appearances on the company’s website, especially during the process of ordering a car — was the spark for multiple departures, including Sterling Anderson, who was in charge of the Autopilot team during last year’s announcement. Anderson left the company two months later, and was hit with a lawsuit from Tesla that alleged breach of contract, employee poaching, and theft of data related to Autopilot, though the suit was eventually settled.&gtA year before that, a lead engineer warned the company that Autopilot wasn’t ready to be released shortly before the original rollout. Evan Nakano, the senior system design and architecture engineer at the time, wrote that development of Autopilot was based on “reckless decision making that has potentially put customer lives at risk,” according to documents obtained by the WSJ.
&gtTesla calls it **"full self-driving"** right on their autopilot front page and shows a video of a driver with his **hands off** the steering wheel, with the statement *"The person in the driver's seat is only there for legal reasons. He is not doing anything. The car is driving itself."*What the fuck?A mere 2 weeks ago, Musk said this in response to an Autopilot crash: https://www.cbsnews.com/news/tesla-ceo-elon-musk-addresses-autopilot-safety-concerns/&gt"The system worked as described, which is that it's a hands-on system. It is not a self-driving system," Musk said. So Tesla is advertising one thing to consumers and when it comes under legal pressure, Musk says the exact opposite of what they try to make people believe in order to buy their products. That is some grade A assholery.
I think they really need to change the name "Autopilot" and stop with the bs marketing. As you said, it's just a driving assisst and when people hear the name "Autopilot" they assume it can do more than it really can. And who can blame them?Tesla calls it **"full self-driving"** right on their autopilot front page and shows a video of a driver with his **hands off** the steering wheel, with the statement *"The person in the driver's seat is only there for legal reasons. He is not doing anything. The car is driving itself."*One can put whatever explanation one wants in the small print,  but the car is definitely advertised as full self-driving. 
"Tesla shareholders to vote on whether to wipe out their share values"
Correct. I'm training on an old server right now, it's like folding @home. These engines are known to make human mistakes like these because they're truly learning. Go to [Leelas site](http://lczero.org) to see her progress. and help out on googles dime with [google colab](https://github.com/glinscott/leela-chess/wiki/Run-Leela-Chess-Zero-client-on-a-Tesla-K80-GPU-for-free-\(Google-Colaboratory\)) running in your browser[Here is a sample game](http://lczero.org/game/8132262) played on my server where leela completely shits the bed in a lot of ways, but only to suss out which patterns lead to which outcomes. These games are transmitted to the creators client to integrate them into the main bot's training files. 
I would prefer to acknowledge Tesla *and their customers/investors* for this effort. 
If I had a dollar everytime I heard the words “dark mode coming” I’d buy a fleet of Tesla Semi’s.
They basically do, all phones use very similar chemistry lithium cells to what tesla uses.The key is in the management of the batteries, phones push their batteries incredibly hard so they can squeeze out every bit of run-time, Tesla doesn't.
Attention: AppleUse Tesla batteries in your phones!
You'd probably need a much bigger phone.The key to the lifespan of these batteries is probably the cooling system.  [Heat kills li-ion](http://www.che.sc.edu/faculty/popov/drbnp/WebSite/publications_pdfs/web21.pdf), so Tesla watercools their battery packs, which greatly reduces capacity loss over time.That isn't exactly practical for a phone.
&gt A group of Tesla owners on the Dutch-Belgium Tesla Forum are gathering data from over 350 Tesla vehicles across the world and frequently updating it in a public Google file.&gt We have previously reported on the data, but they have since added many more vehicles and those vehicles have been driving a lot more – completing more battery cycles.&gt The data clearly shows that for the first 50,000 miles (100,000 km), most Tesla battery packs will lose about 5% of their capacity, but after the 50,000-mile mark, the capacity levels off and it looks like it could be difficult to make a pack degrade by another 5%.&gt The trend line currently suggests that the average battery pack could cycle through over 300,000 km (186,000) before coming close to 90% capacity.&gt Here are the relevant charts from the data gathering effort (full chart on the left and zoomed to 80% on the right):[left](https://electrek.files.wordpress.com/2018/04/screen-shot-2018-04-14-at-2-56-15-pm.jpg?quality=82&ampstrip=all&ampw=498&amph=362)[right](https://electrek.files.wordpress.com/2018/04/screen-shot-2018-04-14-at-2-54-02-pm.jpg?quality=82&ampstrip=all&ampw=494&amph=362)
I don't remember where I read / heard this but apparently him and Tesla were buddies and one of the things they'd do together was take turns x-raying their heads and such for laughs.
The egg of Columbus probably refers to a story where Columbus challenged room full of doubters (of his crazy expedition to find a route to india) if anyone can make the egg standing upright. When people yelled back that was impossible, Columbus took the egg and slammed it on the table, so that it remained upright as the bottom was crushed flat. When people booed and said anyone could do that, Columbus said “but no one bothered to try it except for me, thats why I going to find India.”Here, tesla is showing the world how he would have done it. 
Electronic vehicles. Elon Musk asked Trump to pressure China to lower import tariff on Tesla. Now he got the result.
That was their business model for the Tesla Roadster. Start at the high end to subsidize the technology for mass market.
That tesla was EVER valued more than Ford just goes to show how insane the stock market's become.
I’ll go buy a Tesla the day this happens
Shoutout to the shitty road work of the Dan Ryan on the south side of Chicago, maybe the Tesla was trying to commit suicide because of all the potholes.
My mother has gifted me so many "basically the same thing's" over the years that I now just tell her don't bother I don't need nor want anything for Christmas/birthdays. The amount of useless cheap knock off electronics I've got sitting in a junk drawer is staggering. ** Mechanical keyboard -&gt Staples brand membrane keyboard (that she actually was proud of because the salesman said it was better cuz it would be quieter) ** Loads of cheap cables that failed almost immediately** A good SD card for my raspberry pi project -&gt 8gb no name brand sold at the counter for 8.99 which failed within months** A Tesla t shirt -&gt a women's Tesla t shirt (basically the same thing)** Black work shoes -&gt Black and Orange Walmart sneakers which couldn't be less professional. Those are just the first couple. I can absolutely guarantee that if my mother buys me anything as a gift, it will be the cheapest version of basically the same thing. I'd honestly rather she didn't buy it at all if she does that, as the money is essentially just being flushed away. I'd much rather she just gave me the 9.99 she would spend on the gift so that I can use it for bills, or save it to get the part I actually need, instead she buys the cheapest thing that will almost immediately break if it isn't already incompatible. If she just gave me the cash, I could get something that would actually last and fills my needs, but she's just got to save those pennies by buying garbage that hasn't broken yet.
I knew this guy that got fired from Tesla within the first few weeks. He was a VDT driver like myself at the time, he decided his best course of action was to pull up to a girl in a P85D and say "Let me know when you're ready to ride the D" Fired that day Edit:VDT = Vehicle Drive Test
Tesla model "invisible boat mobile" 
Agreed. They've stated before that the charge is not to make money off of you but rather to clear the space for other Tesla owners.
I mean... that's fair, at this point they're charging you for opportunity loss and inconveniencing other Tesla owners.
They say that necessity is the mother of invention... I say that laziness isTesla knows what we really want lol 
In my state (NC), the largest dealership chain (Hendrick) asked Tesla if it could give them rights to sell Tesla in NC but Tesla declined, so being the pleasant monopoly they were they took Tesla to Court to try the get them banned in the state. The state however actually passed a bill exempting manufacturers of electric vehicles from having to sell through 3rd party dealerships.
Aren't American car dealers bitter towards Tesla since they open their own showrooms that sell their cars through online thus bypassing this law somehow?(Edit: O fuk, my notifications!) 
Your poor Tesla. On the upside, at least you don't have to worry about them trying to repair it...
Glad your are ok. Did you walk away straight to the Tesla store to order another, or did your use your phone right there to get on Tesla.com and use the configurator?
Got it Dec 24th, been a fantastic car. Went to drive it this morning and nothing would wake it up. Tesla Service couldn't ping it or reboot remotely either.Currently at the service center. Will post follow up.
I have degrees in Manufacturing Engineering and Electrical Engineering, and my septic system froze up yesterday so I need to move somewhere warmer ..... sup Tesla.
Amen. It makes some people irrationally angry that I am a strong patriot. I don't want people to confuse patriotism with blind patriotism, I do not condone or support everything this country does, but my parents are examples of the American dream. My dad gave up everything in Iran before the revolution and came here only to start his life again. Got another degree in engineering and worked for Parsons. Built a life. My mom got a bachelor's and masters in Business and works for the government. They fought an uphill battle and succeeded. I look at them and see how much this country gave, and it's genuinely heartwarming.I really do love this country. I concede that we're not perfect by any means. I'm not proud of some of our leaders, past and present, Republican or Democrat I'm not proud of our history of slavery and our history of jurisprudence that condoned racial discrimination, like *Dredd Scott* or *Korematsu* I'm not proud of our corporate funded government. But then I look to heroes who overcame adversity and I realize *why* I'm so proud to be American. I look at people like Obama who stood up against adversity and was the first black president of this great nation, and Michelle Obama whose great^n^th grandmother was once a slave who couldn't even step foot in the house Ms. Obama slept in I am reminded of heroes of government like Tom Wheeler who fought to preserve Net Neutrality RBG, who once argued in front of the very court she now sits, when she argued with unbridled passion to give women equal rights Elon Musk who put America on the map for electric cars (even though I'm not a huge fan of Tesla) and space travel, once again putting us on top of the world and of the American astronauts who were the first and last people on the very moon I look at every night before I go to sleep.At the end of the day, I don't agree with our wars and the way we fuel the drug trade, but in a country where anyone can be president if they work hard enough, even a man who got promoted to a position he probably isn't 100% qualified to have, I am proud to know I call that country home. It really makes me cry sometimes to know how lucky I am. I was born a citizen of this country and knowing what I know about how my parents grew up in Iran, I count my lucky stars everyday to call the US home. And as a result, I wear a California and US flag pin on my lapel everyday as a symbol of my pride. Sorry for the rant. And sorry for any grammatical errors, I typed this on my phone. 
Sweet, a thread that is basically a honey pot for the Tesla haters AND the Apple haters.
I i love the enthusiasm surrounding the Tesla brand. I’ve never seen lines for people to just SIT in a car, let alone drive it. People that don’t even like cars are interested in Tesla’s!! I’d wait in that line with no hesitation..if I wasn’t at work. 
That's not the real Nikola Tesla. It's actually David Bowie pretending to be Nikola Tesla.David Bowie wasn't actually an electrical engineer, you see. That was just David Bowie acting as though he were. How did he know where to stand? They told him. How did he know which words to say? *They were written down in the script.*
Somewhere there is a Tesla dev manager wishing Elon would just file a damn bug like everyone else.
You don't need the disclaimer for a legitimate complaint and constructive post. We have to hold Tesla accountable we can't just be Elon-sheep.On second thought yeah you probably needed the disclaimer. That's funny/sad. :(
A retro-futuristic tesla themed restaurant would be pretty fun 
Here is Elon predicting two years ago that by 2018 you'll be able to summon a Tesla to drive by itself from New York to Los Angeles, charging itself up along the way.  https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/686279251293777920?lang=en
For those who haven’t followed Tesla for years: Tesla has missed every deadline and expectation they ever set for the company...ever. They will survive. 
So Musk said they would produce 20,000 *per month* by December 2017 and Tesla produced just 2,425 *during the whole quarter*. So during the entire 3 months of Q4, Tesla produced just 12% of what Musk said they would do *per month* by now. If you were to apply Musk's claim to the entire 3 months, it would mean Tesla have missed their production numbers by 96%. This must be the biggest production failure of any automotive company in decades.
Big shocker coming from Electrek with its owner who is [in the business of promoting Tesla for financial gain.](http://www.thetruthaboutcars.com/2017/09/65000-pyramid-electric-autojournos-pump-tesla-stock-receive-massive-gifts/)Also, considering the entire first paragraph this particular writer is hardly an unbiased source.I'll wait for [Alex Roy's upcoming review](https://twitter.com/AlexRoy144/status/947130942992371712), he seems like the only guy who isn't somehow on the take, truly believes in the future of EVs and also calls a spade a spade.
OH GOD ELON PLEASE FUCK ME IN YOUR TESLA CAR THAT WENT TO SPACE 
This is the best tldr I could make, [original](http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/elon-musks-massive-backup-battery-took-just-140-milliseconds-respond-crisis-power-plant-1652736) reduced by 66%. (I'm a bot)*****&gt Elon Musk&amp#039s massive backup battery installed in South Australia now holds another record - one for coming into action within a matter of milliseconds.&gt Last week, when the coal-fired Loy Yang power plant in Victoria failed leading to a power cut, Musk&amp#039s behemoth of a battery kicked in and delivered as much as 100 megawatts of juice into the national electricity grid in just 140 milliseconds.&gt The quick response time of the battery exceeded expectations and shows how easily Tesla outperforms other sources of backup power, Koutsantonis added.*****[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/7lzrpv/elon_musks_massive_backup_battery_took_just_140/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.65, ~272015 tldrs so far.") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **battery**^#1 **power**^#2 **Musk**^#3 **record**^#4 **milliseconds**^#5
[As impressive as this is, I really want to see Elon Musk's efforts in Puerto Rico succeed](https://futurism.com/tesla-announced-six-new-projects-restore-power-puerto-rico/)They are much more applicable to developing world applications. What he's demonstrating there, really seems a model for how renewables can be used in the poorest countries.I realize Puerto Rico is in an emergency situation right now, and isn't what you would call the "developing world", as poorer parts of Asia/India &amp Africa are. That said, providing a way for the developing word to access wealth/energy &amp development, while by-passing fossil fuels - seems to me the best way we can combat climate change.The best thing we could do for the planet, is provide a path for the developing world to access energy &amp development, without fossil fuels - ever little step like this helps.It's great to see renewables in action, as the best solution possible compared to all possible solutions, becoming a reality.
I can see him saying, "well that never would have happened if they were driving a Tesla."
Your dad is everything I think a Tesla driver would look like! (not an insult)Also I would definitely attempt to take that mini version everywhere!
Worst feeling is the unevenly distributed bonus. I remember a few years ago one of my coworkers came in to work super excited and asked how everyone felt about the great bonus. Everyone just looked at her like she was nuts, and then it dawned on her that she was one of the only ones in the office to receive a bonus. Don't even get me started on the 2% raise. That's not even keeping up with inflation or cost of living, yet employers try to pull the, "it's not in our budget card." while the owner drives away in a brand new Tesla. 
My wife was out of town one weekend with her mom and I stayed with her dad for the weekend. He had only heard of Tesla but never had seen a car so I showed him some videos of cool stuff like ludicrous mode. I said something like "The company was founded by one of the guys that founded PayPal and SpaceX" and he asked what SpaceX was. So then I showed him videos of the rockets landing and he was absolutely amazed. He thought it was the greatest thing he had ever seen and just couldn't get over how impressive that was. About that time I got a notification that the ISS would be flying over in 5 minutes so we went out to watch. He was completely blind in one eye and only had part of the vision in his other but I had recorded it on my phone because it was pretty bright that night. He couldn't see it when we were out there so we went back in and watched the video and again he was amazed. He had no idea we were able to see the ISS. Then I showed him one of the feeds from the ISS and we just sat around and drank a couple beers and talked about the future. A week later he had a heart attack and when they were checking him out for his heart attack they found his cancer, stage 4 pancreatic cancer. He died less than a month after his diagnosis. Showing him the cool landings was the last real time I got to spend with him. On January 1st it will be one year since he passed. Sorry to reply with such a long winded comment, but your comment really made me think of how much fun I had that night.
&gtDistract drivers to cause crashes&gtGets population behind self-driving cars&gtTesla takes over
I feel like I can envision that day in the future when someone goes on an ultimate treasure hunt to find "the last remaining tesla roadster" floating out in space.
We love it down in Australia. The politicians are trying to put climate change under the rug, they just quietly released the quarter emissions, which says emissions have increased 0.7 and they have been increasing for the last 3 years. They also love to blame renewables when the power lines fall over in a storm. The big battery is a great thing and it took some guts to actually build it. I think 'Tesla' helps to position this tech as "real" to the general population instead of a company you never heard of, which is good.
Jesus, people see 'Tesla' and start foaming at the mouth.The point is that the giant battery is working well, and if it keeps it up then we'll probably build more.
Tesla Model 3 with self drive: $52,000.Lada with Roomba technology: $1,200. 
This is what Elon Musk said by the way: “I think public transport is painful. It sucks. Why do you want to get on something with a lot of other people, that doesn’t leave where you want it to leave, doesn’t start where you want it to start, doesn’t end where you want it to end? And it doesn’t go all the time.”“It’s a pain in the ass,” he continued. “That’s why everyone doesn’t like it. And there’s like a bunch of random strangers, one of who might be a serial killer, OK, great. And so that’s why people like individualized transport, that goes where you want, when you want.”The CEO reiterated his preference for individual transportation, ie, private cars. Preferably, a private Tesla.
&gtWired’s responseTo correct the record, the article does not imply Musk made these comments in a WIRED interview. It states: "he said onstage at a Tesla event on the sidelines of the Neural Information Processing Systems Conference in Long Beach, California, in response to an audience question"If you're interested in another perspective, I'd recommend that you read transportation expert Jarret Walker's (who Elon attacked an called an idiot on twitter) critiques of Elon's transportation ideashttp://humantransit.org/2016/07/elon-musk-doesnt-understand-geometry.htmlhttp://humantransit.org/2017/07/the-dangers-of-elite-projection.html
A 50 story building has about as much roof as a 1 story building.I don't know why they are even comparing windows to roof or dragging Tesla into it. You can have both roof and windows.
Sadly this man just put Tesla out of business by pionerring a new, greener method of travel.
Man With Terminal Cancer Receives His Tesla Model 3 Early, After Being Told He Has A Few Months To Live. 
Stage 4 cancer Tesla model 3? What in the Sam hell? 
Alternative title&gtPepsiCo extends a $2,000,000 interest free loan to Tesla.
There is an element of PR that everyone is exploiting here too. Placing an order generates news headlines that are good for Tesla, but also good for the companies placing the orders (and helps enforce / grow their green credentials).It's obviously not the reason you go and place a $2m deposit, that is due to the core product proposition, however it is a nice cherry on top.
I wonder if there will be a snowball effect. Since these businesses compete against each other, they will have to reserve semis at least as insurance against Tesla making good on cost per mile numbers.
Norway financing Tesla with their crazy oil money... I love it!
Tesla, if you’re listening, please please please make a smaller version in the 33,000 gvw range for local delivery box trucks. 250 mile range is more than I need. Anything to get away from these damn dirty and unreliable diesels that cost insane amounts of money to maintain and repair. 
Tesla
Autobiography of Elon Musk written by Ashlee Vance talks about how RDJ met with Musk and did a tour of SpaceX (or Tesla, I forget which) in preparation for becoming Tony Stark. That was for the first Iron Man. Musks cameo in IM2 was basically Favreau and RDJ returning the favor.
Using an electric ship to haul coal is ironic. However ot makes sense. The ship likely runs on batteries and those batteries need to be charged. Well Im sure an electric ship requires a lot of power to charge this isnt a Tesla Model S. You probably need a power plant to charge an electric ship. Well an industrial area has alot of power plants which require alot of coal. So the Chinese decided to make it a coal hauler.
now the Tesla is REALLY out of reach.
No words, no price tags, no CGI. Just a Tesla in Mars orbit. I like it
They need to have a camera detach during the mars fly-by and do a panning shot, have that be the only official Tesla commercial.  
"The new Tesla Roadster upgrade has a range of 54 million kilometers."
"Continuing the 'hardcore smackdown' on gasoline, Tesla now holds the record of the first production car to orbit Mars"
There’s a kid at my school with a Tesla. Many Audi’s in the parking lot. One lambo, that I know of. many rich kids in florida. 
It’s been a pretty good month. The new McLaren 720S, one of the first videos with the Tesla Model 3, the automotive quirk champion Spyker C8. But this one is my favorite.Oh, and December is even better.And in January I will sleep.
"Clearly what people want is big iPads in their cars"-all other auto CEOs, learning the wrong lessons from tesla. 
Elon would sacrifice tesla for spacex, not the other way around. Mars is his number 1 life goal.
and this is why tesla can't actually die due to running out of cash. elon could just dilute his ownership of spacex if he's truly desperate for cash. that'll never happen anyway because people will let tesla borrow. 
Musk just said a week or so ago that making Tesla public was a huge mistake. He will not make it with SpaceX. 
Unless Tesla starts making solar panels for closets, I doubt John Travolta will learn anything from him 
From article: "Tesla died in 1943, in debt, although Westinghouse had been paying his room and board at the hotel (The New Yorker Hotel) for years." 
"Money does not represent such a value as men have placed upon it. All my money has been invested into experiments with which I have made new discoveries enabling mankind to have a little easier life." Nikola Tesla 
...Leaving Westinghouse a millionaire and Tesla dying alone falling in love with a pigeon.
It always breaks my heart when I read about him. Thank you Tesla.
And that's how tesla died alone in a hotel room. Broke as a joke. With Edison overshadowing his world changing achievements 
&gtTesla patented his AC motors and power systems, which were said to be the most valuable inventions since the telephone. Soon, George Westinghouse, recognizing that Tesla’s designs might be just what he needed in his efforts to unseat Edison’s DC current, licensed his patents for $60,000 in stocks and cash and royalties based on how much electricity Westinghouse could sell. Ultimately, he won the “War of the Currents,” but at a steep cost in litigation and competition for both Westinghouse and Edison’s General Electric Company.&gtFearing ruin, Westinghouse begged Tesla for relief from the royalties Westinghouse agreed to. “Your decision determines the fate of the Westinghouse Company,” he said. Tesla, grateful to the man who had never tried to swindle him, tore up the royalty contract, walking away from millions in royalties that he was already owed and billions that would have accrued in the future. He would have been one of the wealthiest men in the world—a titan of the Gilded Age.
Oh god it's such a nightmare dealing with a good Widow. One time I got so fed up with her that I switched to Winston and just started blasting her ass with the tesla cannon. The slippery bitch always had that grappling hook on standby so people wound up seeing a french woman and an ape flying across the map in an eternal game of Tom and Jerry. 
Tesla: 5 lettersToyota: 6 letters
Tesla: 0-60 1.9 SecondsPrevia: 0-60 Yes.
Added a few categories that were missing.Criteria | Tesla | Bugatti---|---|----In production | No | YesDriven by independent parties | No | YesAvailable in the next couple years | No | YesLikely to have a newer version in the next few years | No | Yes
*I woke up in a new Tesla*
My absolute favourite things to tell people about space are Magnetars.They're a kind of neutron star with REALLY powerful magnetic fields.The earth has a magnetic field in the order of microtesla( 10^-6) An average magnet that you find may have 1-2 Teslas.A Magnetar ranges from 10^8 to 10^11 Tesla.If one of these was half as far as our moon, it would wipe off all the magnetic data on our credit cards.And just like we have Earthquakes, these Magnetars have 'Starquakes' that release a colosally unimaginable amount of energy.These Magnetars are also insanely dense.The density of the interior of a magnetar is such that a thimble full of its substance would have a mass of over 100 million tons.[Wikipedia link](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnetar)
I don't dislike Tesla, I dislike the fanbase, which consists of tech nerds who think they're car people and say shit like: "teslas have no moving parts so they're more reliable".Anyways, credit where it's due this thing is a fucking beast.
The new Tesla Roadster "Founders Edition" costs $250k, paid up-front, and only 1,000 are made.In other words Tesla just put $250 million in the bank by rubbing rich peoples' egos.Slow. Clap.
Introducing...Tesla Airplanes!!!
Today is the day that /r/cars hate for Tesla died. 
Tesla engineers make more than that! They just work for the humble amount of 160 hours a week.
Nikola Tesla might have turned into Electro or something
We found the Tesla engineer.
Tesla died.
Actual physical buttons in the car. All touchscreen is much harder/impossible to operate without taking the eyes off the street while driving. Tesla is the best example for it.
No, they mean a Tesla company.
Three weeks from: "We are talking with Tesla" to "Power is back on"That is fucking amazing.
Puerto Rico is sounding like a 3rd world country getting help from NGOs except the NGOs are tech companies and Puerto Rico is a US territory. Regardless I'm looking forward to Tesla Rico.
He would electrocute  Puerto Rico to demonstrate what happens when you use Tesla. 
Give Tesla the 300 millions. How hard of a decision is that!
there are no details of what the install actually is but I assuming (maybe very wrong) they have a powerpack2 wikipedia suggests it's roughly $200k   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tesla_Powerwall I count 760 panels  they'll almost certainly be at least 200 watts each and if you buy them by the pallet they're just under $1/watt.   tesla almost certainly can get better pricing than you or me but that 200X760 is another $152k   so throw in racking and everything else and you're getting it for under $500k?
Tesla Rico has a nice ring to it.
*Musk's company announced its success in getting the hospital's power working again less than three weeks after Puerto Rico's Gov. Ricardo Rossello tweeted on Oct. 6, "Great initial conversation with @elonmusk tonight. Teams are now talking exploring opportunities."**As for who's paying for the power system, the head of the hospital tells Nuevo Dia that for now, it's a donation.*There were skeptics about whether Musk talking with them was actually going to mean anything, well, I bet it means a lot to the kids in that hospital. More great work by Tesla here.
Tesla doing more than our President. What a time
The dealership bought it and didn’t really know much about it. I honestly don’t know why so low. I even called Tesla to confirm 1 owner and service records. Then called a friend at Tesla and he said take it and run. The dealer didn’t know much about it at all.It was listed just slightly higher, but it does say 12v battery service needed. Did some negotiating and got it at $35k. Wasn’t able to get Tesla diagnostic prior so it’s a bit of a rush, but 2 people walked in after me trying to get it so I didn’t really have much negotiation room It’s a Roadster 2.0 - not sport I don’t think. Driving is lots of fun but I’m just sitting in coffee shop while it charges on 50amp because dealer had it at 28 miles left lol.
`Tesla also postponed its electric semi truck reveal event to November in order to focus on helping establish facilities like this one in Puerto Rico.` This sentence alone garners a huge amount of respect for me.
They arn't waiting around. they are already installing stuff. They didnt wait around for a government contract.https://techcrunch.com/2017/10/24/tesla-makes-quick-work-of-puerto-rico-hospital-solar-power-relief-project/?ncid=mobilenavtrend
Crowd sourcing your beta testing is the new hotness in Silicon Valley, just ask Tesla.
I think Tesla is on that front
this is old news, why is this coming up again? Seriously, this is like, November of 2016 old. http://beta.latimes.com/business/autos/la-fi-hy-tesla-model-3-chargers-20160601-snap-story.htmlTesla decoupled unlimited free supercharging even for the model S the same time last year.https://www.tesla.com/blog/update-our-supercharging-program
Musk is a genius. Capitalizing on an involuntary grid reset to showcase sustainable energy and promote Tesla. Couldnt be working out any better
This is the best tldr I could make, [original](https://electrek.co/2017/10/15/tesla-powerpacks-puerto-rico/#disqus_thread) reduced by 65%. (I'm a bot)*****&gt Elon Musk said last week that Tesla would accelerate its effort to help bring power back to Puerto Rico after sending a few hundred Powerwall battery packs to the island where the electric grid was destroyed by hurricanes last month.&gt The new shipment arrived not long after Musk spoke with Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello last week to talk about ways for Tesla Energy to help rebuild the power grid destroyed by the two hurricanes that recently hit the Caribbean.&gt Tesla is looking to work with Puerto Rico beyond short-term solutions and actually try to rebuild the grid to be more resilient with solar power and energy storage.*****[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/76lqej/tesla_starts_shipping_powerpacks_to_help_puerto/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 1.65, ~228933 tldrs so far.") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **Tesla**^#1 **power**^#2 **energy**^#3 **grid**^#4 **last**^#5
Hello Elon. Let me start by joining everyone else in thanking you for taking the time to do this AMA. My question(s) is regarding the first payloads on the cargo and human flights to Mars in the next 5-10 years. * **Obviously there will be an extreme amount of care put into what is sent on the first missions, and the obvious answer of “Solar Panels” and “Fuel Production Equipment” is included, but what else?** * * Will you be sending food and water rations for early colonists? If so, enough rations to last how long? (100 Colonists for 1 Year, or 5 Colonists for 5 Years)* * *Side Note: Is there a unit of measurement for the above question based on observations by NASA or Russia, or is that something that you’ll be developing? (specific amount of mass) that is used a standard for the calculations of “X mass of rations will allow Y number of humans to live in a spaceship or a spaceship like environment for Z units of time)* * **What type of autonomous machines to help prepare the landing/colony site will be onboard these early missions? Will they be in use prior to human arrival, or just sitting there waiting for the first colonists?**These seem like the types of things that SpaceX isn’t focused on, but some of the other industries you’re involved in are focused on directly or indirectly. (Boring, Tesla, etc.) *Follow up question - What companies are you working with to provide the technology that SpaceX isn’t focused on?*
Between Google and Tesla, Puerto Rico is getting rebooted as a corporate state.
Just make sure not to donate to the American Red Cross, especially after [what happened in Haiti](http://www.npr.org/2015/06/03/411524156/in-search-of-the-red-cross-500-million-in-haiti-relief). How many Tesla panels/batteries could we buy for 500 million USD?If Tesla opened a donation website, I would definitely donate to funding solar installations in devastated countries.
Honestly, Tesla could get itself a government contract with Puerto Rico where they paid for the setup and infrastructure for a certain time frame, then transfer control to the government, and negotiate a debt-payback structure where profits from the Solar Energy are then given to Tesla over a long term plan.Or, in exchange for building of the Power Grid, PR just gives some flat land for SpaceX to launch. 
“Welcome, to Tesla Island!” (Jurassic Park music) Edit: Thanks so much for the gold, you guys are the best! ( /u/CanadasMooseOverlord )
TIL Tesla now owns Puerto Rico
&gtNewton, meanwhile, bragged about the benefits of celibacy. When he died in 1727, he had transformed our understanding of the natural world forever and left behind 10 million words of notes he was also, by all accounts, still a virgin (Tesla was also celibate, though he later claimed he fell in love with a pigeon).More interesting facts from the article about the peccadilloes of some of our most prominent mathematicians.
Sort of. From a retailing point of view a gas station is meant to be a quick in and out experience. For a tesla charger st a ton the retail environement would be focussed on stays between 15 minutes to an hour at most so the layouts, the offerings,  the things to do in general would be totally different and more geared towards longer more comfortable stays.  
Univerity of Washington squad knows this too well      Walked to the store literally a block away and got flexed on by a Tesla, 2 Mercedes, a pair of Yeezy's and a Comme de Garcon jacket at 9 in the damn morning 
I don't want to weigh in too much, but I saw nobody mentioned Chris Lattner (spelling?) who left Apple to be the head of Autopilot at Tesla a few months ago. He left after a month or two. When I saw that I knew there must be bigger reasons why he couldn't work there and this is coming from a huge tesla fan with a Model 3 day 1 (pre announcement) reservation. 
This is the most positive spin on work environment at one of Elon's companies I've ever seen. The practical translation of this is that the young hires at Tesla, SpaceX are worked to exhaustion and have to leave after a few years.  [Edit] I feel i should say I am a huge fan of both companies and what they're trying to do. I think Elon is a visionary and wish these companies all the success in the world, but as an engineer I will not work for them as long as they treat employees poorly. 
He keeps his work population relatively young. Watch the crowds during the spacex launches. The average age is easily In the 20's.He hires on young college students. They get good experience at a cutting edge company, and he gets employees with low pay requirements, who can be trained exactly how you need them, who are motivated by idealism, full of energy to work hard, with no real expectations of what their work environment should look like, who are full of new ideas, and highly replaceable. There's a full expectation that most employees will be moving on in a few years at most. That's how most tech companies are these days. And let's be honest, tesla isn't a car company. It's a tech company. Edit: phrasing 
I have to imagine that having "Tesla autopilot" on your resume adds a lot of value. I bet these people are just looking to refinance themselves. This seems to be necessary in the US now :/
*Nikola Tesla was fired from Google for this post.* 
I don't own a Tesla. Who wanna meet up with me?**edit**To be frank with you (my name is not actually Frank), I don't even own a car. All eligible females may apply [here](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=MrBubles01)
Gorgeous and drives a Tesla?  That's not chivalry, that's just damn common sense. -)
His eyes were always like that. It's the only reason I knew he played Tesla in the Prestige. He had a condition that kept them that way. 
That's 7 in total now of which 1 (Musk) was in reaction to Paris.Post-Charlottesville resignations:* Ken Frazier, Merck* Kevin Plank, Underarmor* Brian Krzanich, Intel* Scott Paul, Alliance for American Manufacturing* Richard Trumka, AFL-CIO* Inge Thulin, 3MOther discretionary departures from the Council pre-Charlottesville:* Elon Musk, Tesla* Thea Lee, AFL-CIODepartures due to Retirement/Left Former Position:* Mark Fields (Ford)* Mario Longhi (US Steel)* Klaus Kleinfeld (Arconic)**All remaining Council Members as of noon Aug 16:*** Dennis Muilenburg, Boeing* Denise Morrison, Campbell Soup * Doug Oberhelman, Caterpillar (formerly)* Wendell Weeks, Corning* Jim Kamsickas, Dana Inc* Michael Dell, Dell Technologies* Andrew Liveris, Dow Chemical Company * Jeff Immelt, General Electric* Bill Brown, Harris Corporation* Mark Sutton, International Paper* Alex Gorsky, Johnson &amp Johnson* Marillyn Hewson, Lockheed Martin* Michael Polk, Newell Brands* John Ferriola, Nucor Corporation* Rich Kyle, Timken Company* Greg Hayes, United Technologies* Jeff Fettig, Whirlpool CorporationEDIT 1: Categories and out of order namesEDIT 2: For those who missed it elsewhere. List is obsolete: [Trump has disbanded BOTH the Manufacturing Council and the Strategy &amp Policy Forum.](https://www.cnbc.com/2017/08/16/trump-abruptly-ends-manufacturing-council-after-ceos-disband-strategy-and-policy-forum.html)
All these people in here who really have no idea how shows of this size work.I've spent over a third of my over 50 years, on tour, of every size.Yes, the buses generate trash. There is also a standard protocol for how it is dealt with. When we roll into the venue, the drivers wait until everyone wakes up and is off the bus. While we're working, they clean the bus. They bag the garbage, and most times take it to a dumpster themselves, unless a PA is assigned to the bus area that early. The driver is then taken by a runner to the hotel to sleep.At the end of the night the buses generally leave between 1:00 and 2:00 am. The driver will bag everything from the after-show meal and other crap that has accumulated over the day, and place the bags outside the bus.*It is understood that the promoter will have people collect these bags and dispose of them.*This is SOP for any show over the size of a club. The bags are rarely collected before we leave. Venue clean-up lasts until 4 or 5 in the morning sometimes.We have no way of knowing the promoter didn't do his job. And if you really think that everyone out of 50 to 70 people doesn't give a shit, and wouldn't take the time to take 10 bags to a dumpster if they saw it was an issue... You're and idiot.I've seen Kip Winger and Reb Beach clean an entire bus and crate bags to the dumpster. I've seen the guys from TESLA do it. Hell, I've seen Bret Michaels carry garbage. We've all put things in a dumpster. It's not like it's some big fucking deal to us. We're normal people, just like everybody else.This is the promoter not making sure their job was done.
**Those that remain:****CEO** | **Company**---------|----------Paul Atkins | Patomak Global Partners (former SEC chairman)Mary Barra | General MotorsToby Cosgrove | Cleveland ClinicLarry Fink | BlackRockRich Lesser | BCGDoug McMillon | Wal-MartJim McNerney | formerly of BoeingIndra Nooyi | PepsiAdebayo “Bayo” Ogunlesi | Global Infrastructure PartnersGinni Rometty | IBMStephen Schwarzman | BlackstoneKevin Warsh | Hoover InstituteMark Weinberger | EYJack Welch | formerly of GEDaniel Yergin | Vice Chairman of IHS MarkitAndrew Liveris | Dow ChemicalBill Brown | Harris CorpMichael Dell | Dell TechnologiesJohn Ferriola | Nucor CorporationJeff Fettig | WhirlpoolMark Fields | formerly of Ford MotorAlex Gorsky | Johnson &ampamp JohnsonGreg Hayes | United TechnologiesMarillyn Hewson | Lockheed MartinJeff Immelt | formerly of GEJim Kamsickas | Dana IncKlaus Kleinfeld | formerly ArconicRich Kyle | The Timken CompanyThea Lee | AFL-CIO (deputy chief of staff)Mario Longhi | US SteelDenise Morrison | Campbell SoupDennis Muilenburg | BoeingDoug Oberhelman | formerly, CaterpillarScott Paul | Alliance for American ManufacturingMichael Polk | Newell BrandsMark Sutton | International PaperInge Thulin | 3MRichard Trumka | AFL-CIOWendell Weeks | Corning&ampnbsp**Those that Left:****CEO** | **Company** | **Date** | **Reason**---------|----------|----------|----------Travis Kalanick | Uber | 2/2/17 | Travel banBob Iger | Disney | 6/1/17 | Paris Agreement withdrawalElon Musk | Tesla, SpaceX | 6/1/17 | Paris Agreement withdrawalKen Frazier | Merck | 8/14/17 | Charlottesville incidentKevin Plank | Under Armour | 8/14/17 | Charlottesville incidentBrian Krzanich | Intel | 8/14/17 | Charlottesville incident&ampnbspSource: Google Doc list of CEOs on the advisory council https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qp5sbJHxevNob3AUWqHBQ4XX8CKp5uSXuwkhKEl4K3E/edit#gid=0Edit: Trump Ends C.E.O. Advisory Councils as Main Group Acts to Disband: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/16/business/trumps-council-ceos.html?hp&ampaction=click&amppgtype=Homepage&ampclickSource=story-heading&ampmodule=a-lede-package-region&ampregion=top-news&ampWT.nav=top-news
I figure I have missed out on literal fortunes at twice. Back in 2009 I tried to buy $100 in bitcoins but couldnt figure out how the wallet worked and figured it was a fad anyway(theres $billions I missed right there). Back in 2013 I could have put $20K in tesla stock but didnt. Then after it hit $80 I still could have but I figured that price had topped out. 
I really really want to do it in a Tesla S. Wait, no, I just want to have a Tesla S and figured that is the only way to pay for it. Sorry I got confused. 
If i had invested $5k in Tesla in 2010 I'd have $100k+ now ..... if I had bought my house a year ealier I could've bought it for $12k less. It's pretty much nothing but examples like this in life. I made the best decision I could with the information and finances I had at the time.  
Or she did have money once but lost it all because she bought too many expensive things.  Live within your means people.  If you earn 50k a year, don't buy a Tesla Model X for 120k on a whim.
Also, if it was just for entertainment they could easily added a few seconds at the end saying they actually ran out of juice on purpose and it was in the script for entertainments sake. I'm pretty sure, with the Tesla anyway, they initially stuck to their guns saying it really did run out of juice unexpectedly. Only when Tesla showed evidence Top Gear staged and scripted it did they switch to the 'it's only for entertainment' defense.
They should instead invite and even pay Tesla, Google &amp others to test our their driverless cars on Indian roads in a DARPA style competition. If a driverless car can successfully navigate on Indian roads which most of the time have no lane markings, potholes, cows, dogs, pedestrians etc. then that car can pretty much drive anywhere in the world. The number of lives saved would surely be more than the number of jobs lost, and at a stretch, even that's at least 30-40 years away for India. 
I'm a Tesla employee too. But I have a more interesting story.I went to work all last week.I know - contain yourselves.EDIT: This comment doesn't deserve this many upvotes you inpatient savages.EDIT: Impatient* damn it to hell.
How do these people not know that a Tesla will beat almost any road legal combustion engined car (modified or otherwise) off the line? They're literally lining up like lemmings.
Saw a thread about this accident earlier today. People were wondering how long before Tesla pulled the data and found the indicent was caused by driver error...didn't even need to get to that point.
Does Reddit implode now? When Topgear circlejerk and Tesla circlejerk collide with each other?
That's just scummy. Especially to do it to someone who thinks they're about to get some positive publicity for their product.  E: I'm getting a lot of responses saying it's a show and it was for dramatic effect or whatever. My objection is to them staging it in such a way to put the tesla in a negative light without giving it a fair assessment. The car breaking down was scripted and them pushing the (still charged and drive-able) car to a charging station was completely unnecessary. Not to mention it's a new and growing company that's doing something good for environment, and them shitting on it is just gonna scare away investors (but that's besides the point). 
Tesla took Top Gear to court over this.  Top Gear won, but still admitted they did things for dramatic effect, like pushing the car with the "dead battery" when the battery wasn't actually dead. You have to remember this was from a time when Tesla was still on shaky ground...a bad review from the #1 car show in the world was a big fucking deal.edit:  Tesla "lost" the suit because they couldn't prove that Top Gear lost them sales.
It was still a shitty thing for TG to do. I read about this years ago, but iirc the tesla data logs showed that the car never ran out of charge (the scene with 4 people pushing it was staged) and that a driver did burnouts and donuts to make the motor over heat. And even overheating doesn't immobilize the car, it only limits its speed, so the scene with it turning off and the sound of a engine dying is fake (of course it is... there's no engine in the fucking thing).
tesla is still a car, top gear is no longer a showedit: it kind of is still a show, apparently i live under a rock!
Tesla took Top Gear to court and lost. Makes sense that it wouldn't complete its full range if they drive it under track conditions, and if the crew had also driven it previously before filming everything. 
Look, it's great that Tesla is starting to build batteries at this scale. Fantastic.But to claim it as some kind of revolution for green energy is quite simply wrong. First, the scale of this plant is friggin' TINY. [Dinorwig Power Station](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dinorwig_Power_Station) is one of the smaller pumped storage stations globally (though the largest in the UK) and it holds roughly 10000 MWh, i.e. 75 times larger than this battery installation.Batteries are not going to give us the intermittency or storage capacity we need. Only very large interconnectors (so long that the wind and solar conditions are different between source and destination) and hydro can provide this coverage.For reference, [Bath County Pumped Storage](https://thinkprogress.org/the-inside-story-of-the-worlds-biggest-battery-and-the-future-of-renewable-energy-8984e81283c) (the largest storage facility in the world and, of course, located in America) has 31000 MWh of storage, or 240 times more than this installation.
Elon at one point said in an interview that he would love for major car companies to build their own gigafactories because they have more resources than Tesla. He seems open to competition and seems to genuinely want whats best for the planet. 
This guy is literally the embodiment of the clueless Tesla fanboy that has $$ to burn, knows nothing about cars, and yet pretends like he does. I bet he tells people his Tesla is a "sports car". "What muh tires in my RWD, high-torque car are worn down after 9 months? ... hurr dur Tesla is bad!1" Any automotive enthusiast would know this, and based on his language in this video it seems like he didn't even know it was RWD when he bought it as he's surprised that it would lose traction in the rain/snow. Oh and those tires look like Continental ContiSports which are max performance summer tires. Oh really you almost killed your family driving a high-torque, RWD car in the snow with summer tires? This dude is totally clueless and should go back to driving an econobox if he want's to get rid of a car because the tires have worn down. 
"Go on sale"?  This article seems incredibly misleading.  First of all, production is beginning.  No one gets a car until July 28th.  On the 28th, only a tiny handful of Tesla employees will get their car.  Over the next few months, it's likely to ONLY be Tesla employees that will get one.  It won't be until late in the year that people who stood in line over a year ago will start receiving cars.  If you tried to "buy" a car on Friday, which I'm sure most people imagine would be possible when they read the words "go on sale", you're most likely looking at not getting a car until 2019.I point this out because these poorly researched articles seem to be what lead to the perception that Tesla is running behind when they're actually ahead of schedule.EDIT:  Looks like they've changed the headline to something more accurate.
It's based on speculation and anticipation of success of Tesla's future projects. Ford sells more trucks in a month than Tesla sells cars in a year. 
I would love a tesla, alas, I am but a poor peasant 
“If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration.”― Nikola Tesla
Good luck with that.  Even with Tesla joining the fight, no one seems to be able to break apart that cartel.
Damn, this car is rad. 4x4 traction, convertible, oak wheels that are easily replaceble, manual steering, eco friendly, runs on callories. The best part is that you actually want to pick up your friends in this one.I would say Tesla found it's match.
Imagine you want to understand how Tesla Supercharging works by reading analogies on Reddit. Reading the first couple of analogies is easy and gives you a basic understanding of the subject. To gain a better understanding you need to read more analogies, however the more you read, the more you lose the will to read analogies, and the harder it becomes to learn.
Elon Musk, your hero, went to college and received two undergraduate degrees (Physics and Economics). He also pursued a PhD at Stanford. What are your thoughts on the fundamental difference in value your hero sees in education?Edit: Some people are pointing out that Musk believes that formal education is not important. That's not true. As another user pointed out, Elon credits college for widening his perspectives.What he does say [is that we need to provide purpose to students so they can get excited about learning](https://youtu.be/O-QbVkyi8yc).He also says [that a degree is not necessarily an indication of greatness](https://youtu.be/vqcdF1oWaD0). Easy to say in an interview, but how many salaried people at Tesla, SpaceX, or SolarCity do not have a college degree? How many without a high school diploma?
It's also funny that Tesla's solar panels produce DC - Edison's favored flavor of electricity- whereas Southern California Edison delivers alternating current - developed by Tesla. 
It's nice that Edison is finally paying back Tesla posthumously for all that douchbaggery.
The real irony is that some solar-equipped homes in California actually store and sell excess power to the grid if they generate more than the household needs.Some of those batteries used to store the energy are Tesla super batteries.Edison is one of the largest power companies in California.Tesla is literally selling electricity to Edison.
[Installing the new Kitten 3000 in a Tesla](http://gfycat.com/WetUntidyCoral)
I can see it now on the Tesla billboards "Remove your ad routes for as little as $19.99 a month"Edit 1: My inbox is blowing up, yes I realize you don't have to look out a window in a self driving car. Do you assholes have an imagination? Edit 2: No I have not seen the movie Black Mirror. is it worth the watch? Edit 3: I now understand that Black Mirror is a Netflix series. Please calm your tits
The glorious overlord tesla blesses us with holy wifi this day
This is terrible experience. Hopefully Tesla does right by you OP. If you don't get proper response, post on TMC forum and tag JonMC. He's the head of global sales and service and is very responsive.Folks, stop downvoting. Most people have good experience with Tesla but some don't. Those stories shouldn't be suppressed. It should be brought to Tesla's attention so they can fix it.
you're rolling the dice every time you drive in a car and if you don't think that's a bigger threat than terrorism then your perspective is jacked up.  edit: unless you drive a Tesla, apparently.
No, I don't. And quite frankly, I'm getting pretty tired of hearing that narrative.First of all, let me say that I am pretty happy with my personal life. Me and my wife frequently go to the movies, hike the mountains, hang at the beach, visit museums and whatnot. I love to cook, play videogames, work out regularly, have many friends and occasionally get to drink copious amounts of beer. So although working at SpaceX can get rough from time to time, it's hardly fair to say that my life outside work sucks.Nevertheless, working at SpaceX (and supposedly the same can be said for Tesla) can be extremely hard, challenging and stressful. Expectations are high, days are often long and I probably could get paid more elsewhere. So yeah, sure I think it's fair to say that my job has affected my personal life quite a bit, and many of the horror stories you've heard are probably true, at least to some extent. But I truly detest the idea that Elon is some sort of slave-master, exploiting young souls under dangerous and unhealthy working conditions at sub-par wages, all so he can line his pockets with profits. That is just pure bullshit.Naturally, working at SpaceX will not be for everyone. And I don't mean that in an arrogant way, as in "hurrdurr some people are not smart/tough/awesome enough to work here" I mean that different people value things differently. And that's totally fine. Another thing that I've noticed is that some people aren't very good at managing their own work-life balance, which, to a large extent, is your own responsibility. There are kids straight from college who are eager to please, find it difficult to say no, or do a poor job at managing and communicating expectations, then end up paying the price for that by staying late and burning themselves out to fulfill overly ambitious promises.Also, what all these horror stories seem to neglect is that I absolutely WANT to work at SpaceX. Nobody is forcing me to work here I can quit and leave whenever I want. Trust me there have been many times when I almost did.But having said that, I can't think of a company or CEO that I'd rather work for than SpaceX and Elon. I get to work with some of the brightest, most dedicated people I've ever met, which is incredibly rewarding by itself, and I'm given responsibilities, challenges and opportunities that I will probably never find anywhere else. Moreover, I believe in our mission, the importance of the work we do and in Elon's genuine conviction to make this world a better place, which, especially these days, in a world filled with idiots and assholes, is something I value enormously. This might not last forever, and maybe someday I'll settle down as a family man with a simple 9-to-5 job, or sellout and go into finance or something, but not today.edit: also, don't forget I get paid to FLY SHIT INTO SPACE BITCHES!
- ~~Travis Kalanick — Uber CEO~~  [**Withdrew**](http://www.businessinsider.com/uber-ceo-travis-kalanick-has-quit-trumps-business-council-2017-2)- ~~Elon Musk — CEO and CTO of SpaceX, CEO of Tesla Inc., chairman of Solar City, co-chairman of OpenAI~~  [**Withdrew**](http://thehill.com/policy/technology/335984-elon-musk-steps-down-from-white-house-councils-after-trump-withdraws-from)- ~~Bob Iger — Walt Disney CEO~~  **Withdrew**- Stephen Schwarzman — Cofounder, chairman, and CEO of Blackstone- Indra Nooyi — Chairwoman and CEO of PepsiCo- Doug McMillon — President and CEO of Walmart Stores- Jamie Dimon — Chairman, president, and CEO of JPMorgan Chase- Mary Barra — Chairwoman and CEO of General Motors  **Remain**- Mark Weinberger — Chairman and CEO of EY- Ginni Rometty — Chairwoman, president, and CEO of IBM  **Remain: [IBM Statement](https://www.ibm.com/blogs/policy/ibm-statement-on-united-states-withdrawal-from-the-paris-agreement/)**- Larry Fink — Chairman and CEO of BlackRock- Jack Welch — Former chairman and CEO of General Electric  *[Tweet from Jeff Immel, current Chairman and CEO of GE](https://twitter.com/JeffImmelt/status/870368499331457024)*- Paul Atkins — CEO of Patomak Global Partners and former commissioner of the SEC- Adebayo Ogunlesi — Chairman and managing partner at Global Infrastructure Partners- Toby Cosgrove — President and CEO of the Cleveland Clinic- Rich Lesser — President and CEO of the Boston Consulting Group  *[Statment from Rich Lesser](https://www.bcg.com/d/news/1June2017-Rich-Lesser-Statement-Paris-Climate-Agreement-159382)*- Jim McNerney — Former president and CEO of Boeing- Kevin Warsh — Distinguished visiting fellow in economics at the Hoover Institute and former governor of the Federal Reserve System- Daniel Yergin — Pulitzer Prize-winning author and vice chairman of IHS Markithttp://www.businessinsider.com/who-is-on-trump-business-advisory-council-2017-2
When Tesla and Exxon agree on something, people should listen. 
This is pretty serious for Musk.  Truth be told, SpaceX relies on the government for contracts.  Yes, Musk's mission for SpaceX is to ultimately send humans on a mission to Mars.  But in the meantime, stuff like government contracts for SpaceX help pay the bill while SpaceX is still developing the technology and plan for a mission to Mars.Musk is the polar opposite of Trump - Musk sees clean energy as the future.  Musk took a hit to his reputation by joining the advisory board so SpaceX wouldn't suffer for it (he also lost some Tesla sales because of it).  For Musk to leave the advisory board, it may lead to Trump cutting contracts with SpaceX and/or hampering SpaceX.  Musk is not doing this lightly and he is risking the future of SpaceX because he thinks Trump has gone too far.Edit: Thanks to the people that mentioned Trump can also hamper SpaceX.
The chips taste stale, dissolving to a salty potato dust in my mouth. The twinkies are hard, their soft spongieness having ossified weeks ago. The Code Red Mountain Dew still tastes pretty good, but it's a bit flat, and I'm down to my last 12 pack. Honestly, I didn't even realize that the alien invasion was happening until about four months in. Don't get me wrong, I was one of the first to hear about it, but I saw it on r/conspiracy and just assumed that it was another tin foil hat conspiracy. Go figure, they were the first to report on it, and damn it they were right. The UFO's were real after all. Being rather shall we say rotund, and living by myself in my mom's old house, I didn't have much reason to go and join the militias or wars or anything like that. I just stayed holed up in my tiny little suburban brick house and continued to play video games and drink mountain dew. Thank god I made a huge Costco run just the night before. Anyways, the gun fire has died out, the TV is nothing but static, and I'm running out of food. My neck beard needs some trimming as well, but my Tesla solar panels can only provide so much juice. Guess I could do it by hand with some scissors. Am I the last one left? Maybe. I power up  computer, pull up Firefox and head to reddit. Miraculously, the Internet still works, and thank God, I'd probably join the rest of humanity if it didn't. Ain't too many fresh posts. I head to r/askreddit, finally having enough courage to submit a question."Hey Reddit, anyone else out there?"Click submit. Wait. The minutes go by. I get an upvote! Amazing, a sign of life. A bit later and someone else leaves a comment! We get to talking, for long minutes. There are dozens of us, scattered around the world. Most people are in the same situation as me. Stocked up with food, just laying low. One guy says everyone was captured and sold into slavery, shipped to mines across the Great Galactic Empire. But they left us behind. Because we were so well hidden? Perhaps. Most likely, because we're all so fat and out of shape.u/Lightly_Saltedd claims she's a girl, but who knows. Everyone is always lying on these things. But hey, maybe we can repopulate the earth. Not me, of course, I'm a virgin and wouldn't know what to do. But somebody else. Who knew. It wasn't the meek who inherited the earth. It was the neckbeards. 
So I think the main reason its cheaper is that it uses large panels whereas tesla is using tiles the size of normal roof tiles. If they break easy you'll be paying a lot more to replace a whole panel than one tile. Just something to keep in mind if anyone is thinking about getting this stuff
Tesla being a massive success.edit: Apparently there are a lot of people who don't think that increasing the value of a company by 1700% over 5 years constitutes success. Carry on.
...and then tesla and google announce free global wireless internet. Goodbye, cable companies.
Nope. Chuck Tesla.
If I slept in a room haunted by Nikola Tesla I would be thrilled and shocked! 
[The hotel's plaque neglects to mention that Tesla was found dead in that very room on January 7, 1943.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nikola_Tesla#Death)
SpaceX and Tesla are some of the least paying tech jobs? For the innovation they are doing, they should be some of the most high paying.
Nikola Tesla. Not because he's angered with the state of the world, but just because if anyone could figure out how to generate electricity while dead, it would be Tesla.
This will make delivered power cheaper for home storage solutions, also commercial:&gt Dahn explained that by increasing the lifetime of those batteries, Tesla is reducing the cost of delivered kWh for its residential and utility-scale projects. He estimates the costs at $0.23 per kWh for residential solar with storage and $0.139 per kWh for utility-scale, based on Tesla’s current projects:The researcher is optimistic about the longevity of Tesla products:&gt He added that considering Tesla’s use of aluminum in its chassis, there’s no reason why both the cars and the batteries couldn’t last 20 years.I wonder whether the longer living batteries will make the cars cheaper, too.
Once again, as with pretty much everything that tesla does that's unpopular:From a technical standpoint, it's fairly obvious. Like, fast-charging batteries reduces their lifespan, and if you want them to last ten years, you can't do it constantly.From a marketing standpoint, this was either mentioned literally never, or so briefly in passing that the customers don't know about it.(The question of how fast the peak charge rates are and what their batteries are rated for and how good the cooling is is up for discussion. Full charge in an hour can be okay, depending on the setup. It might even come out that Tesla says, no, this was a mistake, the fast charge is slow enough not to cause issues. This applies even more to people claiming dumb shit, like that you can charge 80% in 15 minutes. Either you can't, or you won't for long.)Same shit, different day.I get it tesla, you're all techie and cool, and your initial group of customers were techie and cool, but dude, if you're selling to normal people, you gotta explain these foibles. They don't know that "we have autopilot and all the hardware to self-drive" doesn't actually mean "the car can self drive." They don't know that "you can use the superchargers all you want" doesn't mean "without long-term consequences."Also, I want to mention that every time I mentioned something like this on subs like futurology, or even technology, I'd often get downvoted. Not that I mind downvotes - I have a shitload of karma from shitposting - but I just want to point out that ~~_I told you so, nyeh nyeh_~~ hype only goes so far, and maybe some folks should listen to people who have a little bit of understanding of the technical points tesla uses (or neglects to mention) in their marketing.
Two girls. Business majors. Very stereotype-y. Around 2010."We should start a website, where anyone can sign up and simply pay a fee to charge their laptops over the internet.""Oh yeah! That's a good idea!"No mention of peripherals, so I can only assume: the website hacks into the router you're connected to, turns it into a tesla coil, and arcs a surge of electricity from the device to your laptop battery.
I look at the top app charts almost everyday to have a look at what people are downloading these days. That gives me a good idea of what people would want. I actually don't make that many apps anymore. When I started, I made almost anything I could think of. That's because I was chasing every dollar that I could get, and also it let me try out different marketing approaches. Now I just create things that would make my own life easier. For example, I create the Remote S for Tesla app, because I wanted to make a better app than Tesla made. I have a hunch for when an app would be successful by how often I would use the app myself, and I would get feedback from customers as well so that I could constantly make the app better until they liked it.My upbringing probably made me more generous because I knew what it was like to struggle growing up. Even back then, it pained me to see someone struggle financially when I couldn't help them out financially myself. Now that I can do something about it, I do what I can. Plus, I noticed that spending money on myself doesn't make me as happy as I can make someone else happy with the same amount of money.
[This is your brain on intelectual property:](http://boingboing.net/2017/04/22/drm-eschatology.html)&gtDeere's just reiterated that position to a US Copyright Office inquiry on the future of the law, joined by auto manufacturers (but not Tesla) and many other giant corporations, all of them arguing that since the gadgets you buy have software, and since that software is licensed, not sold, you don't really own any of that stuff. You are a licensee, and you have to use the gadget according to the license terms, which spell out where you have to buy your service, parts, consumables, apps, and so on.It's almost like markets don't work for products that can be arbitrarily replicated...
"You're always the first one here," Correa said as he sat down in their usual booth. Death smiled. "People always think of me as the last one on the scene, but I'm always there." He waved his arms in a spooky manner and laughed. The bell on the door of the diner tinkled and a young boy walked in. He spotted the figures in the booth and ran over. "Surprise!" he exclaimed. "Orson, is that you?" Correa leaned back to get the full view of the boy. "Was," the boy said as he flopped into the booth. "It's Tim Smith now." He rolled his eyes. "My parents were horribly unimaginative when it came to naming me, but I guess that's what you get when you end up being born in Iowa." Tim made a face, laughing. "But of course," he lightly punched Correa's arm, "some of us aren't bound by those silly geographical boundaries, are we?""You are correct," Correa said as the waitress poured them water. "I did some major hopping this century. Finally got around to hanging out with Tesla. I don't know why I waited so long, it was positively life changing!"Death cracked his knuckles. "Yeah, well, I broke some serious hearts. I finally decided to pick up Prince, Bowie, Debbie Reynolds, and Carrie Fisher. The afterlife is a serious party now!""Sorry I'm late," Moss finally slid into the booth. "Well, not really. But you know how it is when you're immortal. Time just doesn't really mean that much.""What can I get you to eat?" The waitress came back."Steak, very rare," Death said."Cobb salad," Correa replied."Surprise me," Moss winked."Chicken nuggets!" Tim exclaimed. The group gave him a look. "What?" he said. "I always look forward to eating this stuff at this age." The waitress collected the menus and left."So," Death said, "I would like to call our meeting to order. Status reports, please." Moss pulled out a quill, ink bottle, and a scroll and prepared to take notes. "Timelines are intact," Correa said. "Despite all the time travellers attempting to mess with things, I've managed to keep things the same." He grimaced. "Although it pains me every time I have to save Hitler.""The report from the Gods is all good," Tim said. "Due to some unfortunate accidents, I've checked in with them a couple times while being reborn this century, and they say that the spiritual health of the world is doing ok. Things are evening themselves out, slowly but surely.""And I've been trying to keep the human race at a manageable amount," Death said. He passed out a couple papers to the table. "Here's my overview of outbreaks and plagues planned for the next 100 years, along with a timeline of celebrities who will be passing.""Aw," Correa groaned, pointing his finger at the list. "Not her! At least let her finish the movie first!""Your comments have been noted," Death nodded."Here you go," the waitress dropped their food at the table. "Let me know if you need anything else!" "Before we dig in, I'd like to make a toast," Moss said, sweeping the meeting notes into his bag. He lifted his glass and everyone did the same. "To the best group of supernatural friends I could ask for. May our next 100 years be exciting." "Adventurous," Correa added."Safer," Tim's brow wrinkled. "No more drowning on vacation.""Successful," Death grinned."Here here," they chorused, and dug in to a delicious meal, savouring the pause in their tumultuous lives. EDIT: OH MY!Thank you all so much for reading!! My jaw hit the floor when I opened up Reddit this morning and saw all the comments/upvotes...thank you!  
It's like you hired a consultant for this. "I need some front page OC, here's five grand." And they logged into their supercomputer that analyzes the reddit front page nonstop and generates one sweet front page post every three days. And the representative comes to your house in a Tesla and hands you a crisp, tastefully off-white linen envelope and when you raise the flap you can just smell pure dank. That or you been smoking weed.
If harambe could make a tesla cannon maybe he'd still be alive.
&gt I'd like to see y'know the gorilla who is dumb and sitting in the zoo make a tesla cannon and then get back to Winston about who's cooler.  
Hope you guys like it. All the questions and the answers sorted chronologically.								Question	|	Answer		------------	|	------------		In your opinion, why are so many eager to discredit climate change brought about by human activities? What are the most obvious signs that they are ignoring?	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dggxv28/?context=3	)Hi Bill, thanks for doing this - I've got a question, I know that maybe it's not specifically in your field, but I would still appreciate your thoughts as someone trying to "save the world". To what extent do you envisage automation replacing common jobs anytime soon, on a large scale? If this is accomplished do you think it will be a current player (amazon/google/tesla), something completely left-field no one expected, or a community effort from thousands of small to medium sized enterprises working together? Thanks!	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dggxv4y/?context=3	)Hey Mr. Science guy! I grew up watching your show and it definitely influenced my path towards engineering. My question is what science fact absolutely blows your mind?	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dggxv8b/?context=3	)First, thanks for making science class so great in middle school. I still have that theme song stuck in my head. What is our worst case scenario assuming nothing gets done to save the world and what does the timeline look like? How much is my life going to be affected? My kids? I know we need to do something, but what if it doesn't work out?	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dggxvdb/?context=3	)Hi Bill!! You're doing great work. My questions for you are: What is your favourite element and favourite subatomic particle? What scientific mystery do you most want to solve?	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dggxvhb/?context=3	)Actually, I have a big question for you! I'm sure you still very clearly remember your debate with creationist Ken Ham. I'm a Christian, but personally do not agree with his views on creation. I'm more of a Christian scientist in that I chalk up the creativity of science to God. He's responsible for the Big Bang billions of years ago, he's responsible for the creativity behind evolution, and all of the stuff that makes science so awesome are like his fingerprints. Now you, as the awesome scientist that you are, do you think that there is any room in science for that line of thinking? Has it ever crossed your mind that there may be a higher power at work? I won't take offense at your answer.	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dggy9um/?context=3	)Can you please run for president?	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dggylgc/?context=3	)Hey Bill, What are your thoughts on animal agriculture and the promotion of a vegan diet as to reduce our impact on climate change?	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dggyrvv/?context=3	)Bill, What are your thoughts on Elon Musk and what he is doing for the scientific world through Tesla and SpaceX?	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dggz02j/?context=3	)Where do you shop for ties? I grew up in a bow tie family. I want a Bill Nye Science Guy Signature Bow tie!	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dggz2af/?context=3	)Bill Nye! My AAAS membership led me to the IDP Career Test at ScienceCareers.org. I am 27 years old and am finally considering a college education. My top result is "Science Education for non-scientists" of which I believe you have ample experience. How would you suggest entering this career field? Would any specific college major help or will any science based major suffice? Would you ever consider letting an individual, such as myself, job shadow you for a couple days? Lastly, do you plan to attend this year's StarTalk Saturnalia party? I'm also a member of the Planetary Society and have to thank you and your team for your science advocacy! I look forward to watching "Bill Nye Saves the World" keep up the great work! Bonus Question: Have you heard of "The Show About Science" Podcast run by 6 year old (Yes only 6!) Nate Butkus? I would love to hear you interviewed on his show! You have been an inspiration since my youth I know you'd inspire him also.	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dggz8k9/?context=3	)What do you think about the lack of Scotland players in the British Lions squad for the New Zealand tour?	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dggzb41/?context=3	)Hey Bill, Do you think your TV show has helped or hurt the messages you're trying to spend? Does your reputation make people listen or tune out?	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dggzfmt/?context=3	)Hey there Bill! Was curious, what was your favorite episode of the old Bill Nye the Science Guy show? There must have been one episode you did that stood out to you more than others.	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dggzk84/?context=3	)Hey Bill, what's your take on our chances of becoming a multi-planetary civilization in the foreseeable future?	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dggzq45/?context=3	)We've heard the chant of your name even wayyy over here in New Zealand. :) Just a small question. Favourite astronomy point in the night sky?	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dggzsiv/?context=3	)Mr. Nye, How tall are you?	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dggzssc/?context=3	)Thanks so much for being here. Any chance of working with Disney again on the Energy pavilion at EPCOT? Lots of people would love to see an update based on everything we know about the subject now as opposed to twenty years ago - especially if you had something to say.	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dggzxmp/?context=3	)Bill, what was it like collaborating with Tyler, the Creator for the theme song for the new show? What made you choose him initially? Do you have an ongoing friendship with him?	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dggzzeh/?context=3	)Bill, Should I continue being a paramedic or just go for it and try to become an emergency department physisican?	|	[Here](	https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/66ajul/i_am_bill_nye_and_im_here_to_dare_i_say_it_save/dgh00sp/?context=3	)
He and is companies are shaking things up in a great way. Some disclosure, he served on the Board of The Planetary Society for a while, but has had to recuse himself as SpaceX became Yuge. (I gave him a ride to the airport once.) The Tesla outperforms conventional gas-powered cars (as does my new all-electric Chevy Bolt). If the reused lower stage of the Falcon rockets proves profitable, it will change space exploration in great way. Go Elon! (He's an immigrant to the U.S., bt-dubs.)
Bill, What are your thoughts on Elon Musk and what he is doing for the scientific world through Tesla and SpaceX?
Hi Bill, thanks for doing this - I've got a question, I know that maybe it's not specifically in your field, but I would still appreciate your thoughts as someone trying to "save the world".To what extent do you envisage automation replacing common jobs anytime soon, on a large scale? If this is accomplished do you think it will be a current player (amazon/google/tesla), something completely left-field no one expected, or a community effort from thousands of small to medium sized enterprises working together?Thanks!
Imagine you are a widget manufacturer.People like widgets, and you have come up with a new kind of widget. It will cost a million dollars to do the molding, design, and validation, but then manufacturing costs are essentially zero. You go around to your various customers and get a sense of what they'd be willing to pay. Your conclusion:* At five dollars per widget, you could sell 150,000 widgets* At fifty dollars per widget, you could sell 15,000 widgetsWell there's a problem here. Each of these widget designs gets you $750,000 of revenue, in exchange for $1,000,000 in startup costs. This is not a viable business.So then you think, well, maybe we can make a lower-end widget - we'll call it Widget Mini. Lower-tolerance parts means a cheaper startup only $800,000, and . . .. . . well, that's already not looking viable, but you ask around and it turns out the $5 crew is pretty happy with the idea (140,000 estimated sales) but nobody else gives a shit.How about a higher-end widget? Widget Enterprise! It will cost $1,100,000 for startup costs! Turns out there's a market for this - you can now sell widgets for *five thousand dollars*, and you've got a market of . . . 150 people. That's still $750,000 of revenue. This is not going to work.And while you could make Widget Mini, Widget Standard, *and* Widget Enterprise, you'll end up paying a painful $2,900,000 for startup costs on all three of them, and make maybe $2,250,000 in revenue. Ouch.----So here's what you do.First, you start building Widget Enterprises. $1,100,000 for startup costs.How much do you sell them for? Well, if you sell them for $5,000, you'll miss out on those 150,000 customers who want it at $5. But if you sell them for $5, you miss out on those 150 super-valuable customers happy to fork over $5,000 each. They'll still buy it, of course - they'll just buy it for $5 instead of $5,000.So you artificially limit the widgets. Maybe another $100,000 gets put into software limiters. Every time your factory spits out a widget, you assign it to the Widget Mini, Widget Standard, or Widget Enterprise line. Yeah, each widget is *technically* capable of being a Widget Enterprise, but the software says "no".This feels awful because you're artificially limiting your product. But on the other hand . . .* 140,000 people buy Widget Mini for $5 each. Revenue: $700,000* 15,000 people buy Widget Standard for $50 each. Revenue: $750,000* 150 people buy Widget Enterprise for $5,000 each. Revenue: $750,000Total revenue: $2,200,000  Total cost: $1,200,000And boom, you have a successful business.Plus, now you can start selling software unlocks - $45 for an update if you own Widget Mini and realize you wanted Widget Standard. Chances are good that's another hundred thousand bucks or so.----Making physical products is *really expensive*. Making more variations of physical products is *also really expensive*. The ideal situation is where you make as many things as you can, but as few *different* things as you can, and everyone who's willing to pay more than production cost forks over "as much money as they're willing".But in reality, nobody's going to voluntarily pay more, so you end up doing this weird marketing dance where you're giving people incremental improvements for a lot more money.Want to buy a Roomba? Buy a Roomba 650 for only $375. That's probably slightly over the cost of research+development+production. Not good enough? Buy a Roomba 860 for $500. It has a better suction system! Does that cost them $125 to put in? *Fuck no it doesn't*, I bet it's ten bucks of parts, but people who are willing to fork over $500 for "a robotic vacuum" are going to buy that instead. Another $200 gets you the Roomba 960 which has wifi connectivity plus, what, two extra software features? And then *another* $200 gets you the Roomba 980 which has "carpet boost", which is where it recognizes it's on carpet and ramps up the motor. I bet it's just software. There's no cost here. You're paying $200 for something they could slap into every model for free.CPUs do the same thing. Intel makes a CPU, then figures out how fast it is - that's called "binning" - then sells it for the most money they can, right? But after the first batch, they tend to get quality up enough that they're making more high-end CPUs than they can sell. So they just lock the CPU to a lower frequency and sell it as an inferior CPU. *Because that's how to maximize revenue*.----This is all silly. Everyone knows it's silly. Everyone would love to be able to stop doing it.But until we come up with an economic system that still encourages research and development, but doesn't rely on revenue to do so, we're stuck with it.----And that's why you can upgrade your Tesla in software.
To those of you thinking about shorting Tesla, just remember the old adage that "The market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent."EDIT: Since this seems to have gotten some traction and some folks are wondering about what shorting is, [I wrote a brief explanation here.](https://np.reddit.com/r/news/comments/64jtcc/tesla_passes_general_motors_to_become_the_most/dg3121y/)
This is only inMarket Capitalization, which is "market value at a point in time of shares outstanding of a publicly traded company." So their stock value are doing great because investors are drawn towards quick growth, which they see in Tesla. GM isn't going to offer quick growth, and thus quick profit on stock. As far as I know, Tesla is currently losing money and don't have a huge market shareEdit: some of the comments below are coarse and rough and irritating. Take them with a grain of sand.
CT resident here. Tesla can't sell their cars in my state because Daniel Malloy is a dick bag. 
whats interesting to me  is how elon is positioning tesla to bank on a new battery technology.  whatever type it is, when we finally have cheap batteries that can recharge/drain quickly, and are inherently safe, with a lot more storage capacity... tesla will be absolutely dominant. you take a tesla car or a tesla-converted house, and add in a real battery bank, it will be a massive game changer. 
Plot twist: It's actually fake Tesla body over some Chinese gas car.  
Why not? [Disney already did it.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Celebration,_Florida)Even the Tesla City idea treads very close to Disney's Experiment Prototype City of Tomorrow... better know as [EPCOT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EPCOT_%28concept%29).
Ford sells more cars per month than Tesla has sold in it's entire existence. I mean, I like Tesla, but that valuation is sheeeit, even accounting for Tesla's expected growth and diversification beyond just car tech. 
Yes this is exactly what it is a substantial over evaluation based on faith .Whether or not the leadership of Tesla can deliver remains to be seen but this kind of ridiculous over evaluation is not uncommon especially in the tech sector
I'm not sure what's more impressive.  How smart the Tesla is or how absolutely stupid some of those drivers were.
&gt he kept this pigeon with him the entire time, and the damn thing never wanted to fly away, would just walk around with him or stayYou sure this wasn't a super old Nikola Tesla?
Thats why i hate tesla. Their cars are absolut genius, and then they put a giant touchscreen in and take a shit on haptic feedback. And haptic feedback in a car is sooooo improtant. I cant look at this shit all the time to see where im pressing. I need dem buttons. 
Literally pulled my Tesla over so I could login to Reddit and upvote this.EDIT:  *sigh*  Clarkes' a cunt.  I used the apostrophe wrong.  Fite me in real life.
Australia has a problem.  The ways that they generate electricity are fairly constant from moment to moment, but the demand for electricity is not. While they have lots of resources and abilities to generate electricity, demands are far too spiky.  Meaning, during the hottest times of the day everyone is turning on their AC.  That uses up LOTS of electricity.  Most of South Austrians generation is done through wind power and that's a fairly constant generation, even overnight.  So while on average demand is meeting supply, there's a problem of timing. Basically, there's lots of electricity at night time, when no one wants it and not enough at noon when everyone needs it.  This causes blackouts, and that's bad.The solution here is to store the electricity for use later.  Generate it all day and store it in batteries so that they can draw down during the hot times. That is a battery farm.It's really just a very large amount of batteries all in one place. Tesla recently has been building the world's largest battery factory (called the Gigafactory).  Batteries, funny enough, are one of the things in this world that we basically can't make enough of.  Batteries are in VERY high demand for everything from laptops, and cell phones, to electric cars.  So using them for something like this battery factory was previously kind of a nonoption.  It simply took so many that it would be too expensive.  So electric utilities would look at other solutions like importing electricity from other districts or turning to non-renewable sources that can be easily turned on and off (like a coal plant).Tesla's very large factory has recently started pumping out batteries and that is what's allowing Tesla to do things like sell battery storage products to the home consumer market (the Tesla power wall), sell inexpensive electric cars (like the Model 3) and do battery farm projects like this. 
"My proceeds from PayPal were $180 million. I put $100 million in SpaceX, $70m in Tesla, and $10m in Solar City. I had to borrow money for rent." -Elon Musk
yes, Tesla is just as common as any other brand here in Norway
Can Tesla bring back the [Roadster](http://roa.h-cdn.co/assets/15/51/1450283015-2011-tesla-ev-history-876x535.jpg) or something like it?I want an electric car that looks like a sports car and isn't super luxurious.
So electricity. It needs to be moved and can only be used as generated without significant infrastructure. So lets just look at moving Electricity from Arizona to say Maine.Line losses. Electricity needs to be at high voltages to move it. that is why AC won out over DC. Not because Tesla rocked and Edison was a jackwad, but because DC has a limited transmission range. Literally in the couple miles range. So we need AC. Solar generally makes DC. So the DC needs to be put into a converter that makes the DC into AC. Because we live in reality and not theory or make-believe there will be losses in converting the DC to AC. Also a line 100 miles (160 kilometres) at 765 kV carrying 1000 MW of power can have losses of 1.1% to 0.5%. A 345 kV line carrying the same load across the same distance has losses of 4.2%. So if we ran 765KV line from Arizona to Maine is like 2800 miles long. That is a considerable amount of losses. That comes out to about a 25% or better loss in the transmission of that power. So to combine the losses in the generation and swap to AC and the line losses you end up losing a huge amount. Additionally at the beginning and the end you have to step up and then step down the voltages. That incurs more losses. So overall the losses from the Sun hitting the PV panels to someone turning on their TV in maine incurs a huge efficiency penalty.So while the solar source is free, the transmission equipment, transformers, and all the other equipment is not. So now if you take the standard that solar runs at: about 10-25% and apply that and the losses you get huge generation numbers for what would need installed. 11 million MW hours of power were consumed. So to math this 11,000,000 MWh of power needed. So we need to up the production to account for the losses. So let's divide that up into 365 days of use and 24 hours per day. That comes out to needing an average of 1255 MW of production. Now we add the losses we have to make up for. That comes out to 1794 MW of production. Then we have to throw in the Capacity factor of solar. The industry runs low compared to other power systems. But a plant in Arizona has been hitting 29% so we can use that. that means we need to start with 6185 MW of faceplate capacity. And we need to be able to store that power. We haven't added storage in yet. Since the solar must be stored some place for when the sun is down. That will add in more losses and therefore more base capacity to meet the needs of the end user. Agua Caliente is 84 MW of faceplate capacity on 2400 acres. So we need to multiple and we come up with 176,735 acres give or take. That is about 276 sq. miles of solar. The problem is not with the production of solar electricity. The problem is with storing and moving the solar electricity. The other thing we have not talked about is maintaining grid stability. Thousands of small PV site feeding into a huge grid with nothing to anchor the grid will make it unstable. When a large industrial plant starts a bug line up or a aluminum recycler starts the induction heating process that load has to be absorbed and these small PV suppliers cant handle it. There are vast engineering problems that need to be solved here. NO it is not impossible, but it needs to be looked at as a whole, not just little pieces. Too many people assume the only thing that needs power is homes and basic lighting and ignore the rest of the grid and the businesses and industry we have in this country. We need a grid they can rely on. The problems are solvable, but not by activists pushing their favorite flavor of solution or the neat product of the day. Power walls are great. Except for all the drawbacks they have that we ignore. Solar is great except for some of the drawbacks. nuclear is great except for some of the drawbacks. Ask your self why we are shutting down already operational and carbon free nuclear plants, but are willing to pay extra in taxes to build carbon free NEW renewables. It is stupid. And it ignores the facts of the grid and engineering. Solar cannot be used as abase load. And the technology for storage is more in its infancy than renewables are. And before we can really have any chance of renewables really supplying the whole of the grid, storage has to be solved. 
Don't forget the ever-important concept of Nikola Tesla! 
Playing the drinking game Kings, a ten was pulled for 'categories'. For those unfamiliar, it's a card-based drinking game using a standard deck where each card represents a different game that is played, usually ending with drinks. Categories means that someone names a category of "things" and everyone has to go around naming something from that category. If you fail to name something, you drink. So I chose the category "80's Hair Bands," expecting answers like White Snake or Tesla. This young girl was the first person to go, and she confidently yells "A scrunchie!"She technically wasn't wrong. 
I remember reading somewhere Tesla let him try out his vibrating earthquake chair and he got the shits afterwards. 
What I think really sets Musk apart is that he's willing to take a 'first principals' approach to nearly any problem. In almost every industry what's possible is determined by looking at what other companies are doing and imagining ways to do the same thing but better. Sometimes people will see a way to improve a little, sometimes there's almost no obvious way to improve.When describing Tesla and SpaceX though Musk will often talk about what's *physically* possible. For example with manufacturing at the Gigafactory and for the Model 3, he's quoted numbers about volumetric efficiency (what percentage of a factory's volume does it produce in output) and the speed of the assembly line in meters/second, literally how quickly things are being moved through the factory. Once you start thinking about things like this, then you start asking entirely new questions. For example, a person working on a car can really only keep up a pace of 1 m/s or so. If you want production to move much faster than that, then it's going to have to be mostly automated, and then you start asking, how fast can a machine put together a car?I think that if we take a [first prinicipals view of technological progress](http://www.definitionmining.com/2017/02/post-scarcity.html) then the idea that we're going to be at a point where there's no need for most people to work, and there's going to almost no need for money even, starts to look inevitable. And once we start thinking like that, then UBI seems like it's probably the only way to get from where we are now, to where we'll inevitably be.
According to German media the guy is a professional in metal construction ("Metallbaumeister", i.e. a leading position in a trade) and had some experience with constructing and testing crash barriers (i.e. these metal fences at the side of the road).So apparently he knew exactly what he had to do and then did it. Even the damage at his car seems rather limited. Link in German:http://www.sueddeutsche.de/muenchen/spektakulaere-rettung-kein-held-das-sieht-der-tesla-chef-ganz-anders-1.3380666
Astronomer here! The most powerful magnetic fields in the universe are from magnetars, which are neutron stars with crazy magnetic fields. How crazy? Well, on Earth, your typical magnet has a strength of about 1.25 Tesla. A magnetar will have 10^10 Tesla. This is so strong that the magnetic field would literally kill you if you get within 1,000 km of the magnetar by distorting the electrons in your body too much. Even more interesting, while there are some theories out there no one really knows why these souped up magnetic fields exist at all. Neutron stars have tons of mysteries. Edit: lots of people are asking what exactly happens to you.  Basically all the electrons in the atoms in your body would be stripped away, so all the molecules would break apart.  So you'd be ionized into a whiff of plasma, basically.
Tesla predicted smart phones in 1926, something most immediately preceding sci fi failed to do."When wireless is perfectly applied the whole earth will be converted into a huge brain, which in fact it is, all things being particles of a real and rhythmic whole. We shall be able to communicate with one another instantly, irrespective of distance. Not only this, but through television and telephony we shall see and hear one another as perfectly as though we were face to face, despite intervening distances of thousands of miles and the instruments through which we shall be able to do his will be amazingly simple compared with our present telephone. A man will be able to carry one in his vest pocket."
I can't afford a Tesla, power wall and a bank of solar city panels.The infrastructure and affordable entry level are just not there.
Pretty obvious automotive industry propaganda whenever you see a news story about a Tesla crash. Because you also don't see news stories about crashes for pretty much any other vehicle. It's bullshit and I think most of us see right through it. 
If you can afford a Tesla, you can definitely afford Uber. I have no sympathy for these people.
And yeah.. it's a fast car..One should make sure their children are responsible before letting them drive a car like that.Obviously since she was hammered (which was the sole reason for her death.) She wasn't.Sad story, but nobody's fault but her own.People really keep trying to blame Tesla for their accidents.. it's like, yeah it's safer, but they didn't claim their car would end all accidents..
That's why all these car dealers tried to stop Tesla  from selling directly to consumers.
Yes due to the lack of an engine block Tesla's are way more safe to crash than other cars. But they aren't meant to be crashed, they are meant to be driven...Edit: 1. I wrote this on mobile and it auto-corrected plural of Tesla to possessive of Tesla.2. While the lack of the engine itself doesn't make the car safer, the lack of the engine provides a lot of extra room for more safety features. People replying to me are saying that the engine block will take a majority of the blow, this is just not true. The engine block doesn't expand or contract and simply transfers whatever impact energy it receives. Without the engine there, the entire front of the car can be crushed like an accordion and actually dampen the impact energy it receives. For a better explanation read /u/dragon029's [comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/5tsi66/tesla_crash_father_of_dead_driver_blames_teslas/ddosjmr/)
chose to buy a Tesla, chose to drive it drunk and chose what speed to drive it. this is all about personal choice and not about Tesla.
&gt that would've been equally unsafe when driven by a drunk driver.if anything, I would argue that the tesla is probably one of the more safe cars to be "driving" when drunk with all their security features.not that i'm condoning drunk driving
Three times the legal limit. :(Had it not been a Tesla, I daresay that a "former FBI agent and the founder of firm developing case management software for attorneys" would probably have had some other relatively prestigious, relatively high performance car, that would've been equally unsafe when driven by a drunk driver. 
A lot of people have been giving only a partial answer as to what wall street doesAt its core Wall street firms are service companies!A lot people think wall street firms are guys sitting around buying stocks and selling them at a profit ala Wolf of wallstreetIn reality, those people aren't the biggest players on the street. "Wall street" is divided into two halves. The popularly known side are buy side investors such as hedge funds, who use the money you give them to make you a return. However, the biggest firms such as Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanely, ect, work mainly in the other half: Sell-side InvestingEssentially, they provide all the services a company need financially. Wall street firms like Goldman Sachs make most of their money from "Institutional Client Services", basically helping companies get the money/assets they need.When tesla needs $1billion to build a new factory, they will go to Goldman Sachs and ask "Hey, how do you think I should get this money? I certainly don't have that much cash on me right now." and GS will help them find the funds to finance it (as companies such as Tesla will never have $1billion). They will help Tesla borrow money from people. Another way GS makes money from Client services is by making markets, or selling people stuff. If the guy from Wolf of Wall street wants to buy $10 Million dollars of Tesla shares, GS will sell (Hence, sell-side) it to them (GS has a lot of money and has $40 Million dollars of Tesla shares in their pocket!). The second major service wall street firms offer are Investment Banking services. Now, you might be like "woah, I thought Jordan Belfort was an investment banker". Not exactly - Investment Banking is simply a set of SERVICES a bank provides to companies/high-net worth clients. Examples of these SERVICES: IPOS: If a company wants to go public, it must issue shares to the market, a complicated process. GS is familiar with the process, and will do the paperwork/ advise the company through the process. M&ampA (Mergers and Acquisitions): If Tesla wants to buy SmartCar, they will ask GS how much GS thinks SmartCar is worth, and GS will help Tesla strike and complete a merger. These are just a few services that a wall street firms offer - there are many many more! But I hope people don't think that the only thing wall street does is buy stocks and sell them at a higher price. The financial markets are very important on wall street and impact every decision, but there's much more that the firm's create. In conclusion, the people of wall street provide services to help other companies run! Except instead of providing these services to ordinary people like you and me, they provide them to companies and really rich people! 
''pasta with ketchup'', ''muslim Serbs'', ''Tesla is Croat''= Fucking hell you'll get beaten if you say these!
This shit is so fucking stupid. He was on Trump's advisory panel, you know, to advise Trump about things Trump doesn't know. Don't we WANT people like Elon Musk and the Uber CEO giving their thoughts to Trump? That's why all these CEOs were hired. Hell, Elon Musk owns Tesla and SpaceX. He's trying to stop global warming by making dope electric cars, and he's trying to get us to start living on other planets. He doesn't support Trump, he was hired for his knowledge and foresight. He's a fucking genius, and he couldn't be farther from Trump. He's just trying to be a voice of reason in the Trump administration. Are y'all gonna boycott Elon Musk too?Seems like y'all would rather have more Republican politicians telling Trump what to do. Great way to make the situation worse than it already is.
Smart move. He just one upped all those people talking about 'deleting Tesla' next. The man has a vision for a better world and has gone ALL-IN on it. I respect him more than I even respected Steve Jobs at this point.
that's just my aimbotnotice how i didn't miss at all with my tesla cannon? 
Can someone show me what I'm missing: The DeleteUber campaign comes after the CEO joined Trump Tech advisory group, right? Aren't Elon Musk (Tesla), Bob Iger (Disney), Satya Nadella (Microsoft), Larry Page &amp Eric Schmidt (Google), Tim Cook (Apple), Jeff Bezos (Amazon), and Sheryl Sandberg (Facebook) all in the same group? Are we supposed to boycott Apple, Google, Microsoft, and Amazon as well?
&gtLook up #DeleteUber. Kalanick, Uber CEO, is on Trump's business advisory board[So is Elon Musk](http://www.businessinsider.com/tesla-ceo-elon-musk-uber-travis-kalanick-join-donald-trump-strategic-policy-forum-economic-team-2016-12), who opposed Trump during the campaign. If you want to convince someone they are wrong, refusing to join their advisory board is not going to work. Instead it means the only people on the board are those who agree with Trump and thus whatever he says goes.  
Thank god that moderate Republicans are somewhat accountable to their constituents. By that I mean Wall Street. Trump can't rock the boat too much, or else tech and other industries that rely on hard working immigrants will go under. Republicans may harp on about social issues, but they love money a lot more. Use your buying power as citizens by **NOT** supporting pro-Trump businesses. That will influence their decisions more than rallies or protests, sadly. Edit:Starbucks, Lyft, Google, Apple, Facebook, Microsoft, Twitter, Netflix, GE, JP Morgan, Nike, Macy's, GS, Cleveland Clinic, Uber, and Tesla have released statements against the ban/taking steps to change it. Walmart, Disney, PepsiCo, Ford, Boeing, General Motors, Bank of America, Citi Group, Morgan Stanley, Exxon Mobil, Fiat, Blackstone: **Declined/no comment**.[Source](https://www.google.com/amp/amp.usatoday.com/story/97218680/?client=safari)[Source 2](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/tech-business-leaders-trumps-travel-ban-discriminatory-vow/story?id=45120903)
See Uber CEO Travis Kalanick's Facebook post (link removed because /r/OutOfTheLoop blocks Facebook links) over the matter (emphasis mine):&gt This afternoon I sent the email below to Uber employees and thought I would include here:&gt &gt Subject: **Standing up for what's right**&gt &gt Team,&gt &gt Yesterday President Trump signed an executive order suspending entry of citizens from seven countries—Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen—to the United States for at least the next 90 days.&gt &gt Our People Ops team has already reached out to the dozen or so employees who we know are affected: for example, those who live and work in the U.S., are legal residents but not naturalized citizens will not be able to get back into the country if they are traveling outside of the U.S. now or anytime in the next 90 days. Anyone who believes that this order could impact them should contact our immigration team immediately.&gt &gt This order has far broader implications as it also affects thousands of drivers who use Uber and come from the listed countries, many of whom take long breaks to go back home to see their extended family. These drivers currently outside of the U.S. will not be able to get back into the country for 90 days. **That means they will not be able to earn a living and support their families—and of course they will be separated from their loved ones during that time**.&gt &gt We are working out a process to identify these drivers and compensate them pro bono during the next three months to help mitigate some of the financial stress and complications with supporting their families and putting food on the table. We will have more details on this in the coming days.&gt &gt While every government has their own immigration controls, **allowing people from all around the world to come here and make America their home has largely been the U.S.’s policy since its founding. That means this ban will impact many innocent people—an issue that I will raise this coming Friday when I go to Washington for President Trump’s first business advisory group meeting**.&gt &gt Ever since Uber’s founding we’ve had to work with governments and politicians of all political persuasions across hundreds of cities and dozens of countries. Though we share common ground with many of them, we have had areas of disagreement with each of them. In some cases we’ve had to stand and fight to make progress, other times we’ve been able to effect change from within through persuasion and argument.&gt &gt But whatever the city or country—from the U.S. and Mexico to China and Malaysia—*we’ve taken the view that in order to serve cities you need to give their citizens a voice, a seat at the table. We partner around the world optimistically in the belief that by speaking up and engaging we can make a difference. Our experience is that not doing so shortchanges cities and the people who live in them. This is why I agreed in early December to join President Trump’s economic advisory group along with Elon Musk (CEO of Tesla), Mary Barra (Chairwoman/CEO of General Motors), Indra Nooyi (Chairwoman/CEO of Pepsi), Ginni Rometty (Chairwoman/CEO of IBM), Bob Iger (Chairman/CEO of Disney), Jack Welch (former Chairman of GE) and a dozen other business leaders.*&gt &gt *I understand that many people internally and externally may not agree with that decision, and that’s OK. It's the magic of living in America that people are free to disagree. But whatever your view please know that I’ve always believed in principled confrontation and just change and have never shied away (maybe to my detriment) from fighting for what’s right.*&gt &gt Thanks,&gt &gt Travis KalanickI believe, if he's being genuine, him being on the advisory board is good for those affected by this reckless order.
CEO of Tesla doesn't use Winston, the character with a Tesla gun.What good are stereotypes if they aren't true?
One idiot replied he is cancelling his Tesla order. I guess he will get some gas guzzler to show Elon who's boss.
It gets even better than that... The SC Edison plant is an AC power plant, and Tesla is providing DC batteries.
Haha! Tesla and Edison working together after all.
&gtThis might rub some Tesla owners the wrong way a Tesla is a huge investment, and seeing significant model revisions at a pace similar in frequency to how smartphones are updated can be frustrating.No, sorry, a car is never an investment. It's a purchase. You get the car and then it immediately loses value. It's never future proof. You bought it to drive and it serves that purpose. Musk is right, anyone expecting anything more from a car simply because it's from Tesla is deluding themselves.Edit: This is all my opinion. You're free to disagree, but please stop replying with nitpicking comments over how you interpret the word investment. Several people have already said what you're going to say and I don't particularly want to read it again.Not changing my comment, no matter how triggered you pedantic fuckers get :)
Ford vs. Chevy  Mercedes vs. BMW  Honda vs. EVERYTHING THAT ISN'T A HONDA  MOPAR vs. penis envy  Volvo vs. 8 tons of solid concrete and rebar (volvo wins)   Tesla vs. suppressing the urge to buy a car because the internet thinks it's cool, affix self-congratulatory vanity plates, and then park sideways across two handicapped spots at SFO  VW vs. the environment  Porsche vs. male pattern baldness  Holden vs. Ford vs. drunk driving laws  Subaru WRX vs. Mitsubishi Evo (RIP)  Bentley vs. Rolls Royce (but let's face it, if you're having this debate, you probably own one of each already)  Bugatti vs. Koenigsegg (entirely a theoretical debate conducted on the internet)  McLaren vs. Ferrari  Pagani vs. Owning a lion which you only feed Kobe beef, cognac, and truffle oil, and having it live in a cage made entirely of platinum and ming vases, naming it Charles, and writing it into your will as the sole heir to your fortune and beneficiary of your life insurance policy.  Lamborghini vs. SPENDING ALL YOUR MONEY ON COCAINE
How about an autonomous Tesla that can drive on water?
People here keep referencing the tesla coil as his method of wireless power transfer. While partly true that was not his complete idea for low loss wireless power transmission across large distances. Most Tesla's ideas involved constructive resonance through a medium. Tesla's idea was to use the earth and atmosphere as a medium. He believed that he could use the earth itself as a conductor by taking advantage of resonant frequencies and using the atmosphere itself as to complete the circuit. Essentially people would put a wire into the ground and a second "antenna" up into the air and they could power their home without wires connecting to a grid from his power station towers. Wikipedia has a nice, imho, simple [eli5 explaination](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wireless_power_transfer) I will leave here: "The theory included driving alternating current pulses into the Earth at its resonant frequency from a grounded Tesla coil working against an elevated capacitance to make the potential of the Earth oscillate. Tesla thought this would allowing alternating current to be received with a similar capacitive antenna tuned to resonance it at any point on Earth with very little power loss.[116][117][118] His observations also led him to believe a high voltage used in a coil at an elevation of a few hundred feet would "break the air stratum down", eliminating the need for miles of cable hanging on balloons to create his atmospheric return circuit.[119][120] Tesla would go on the next year to propose a "World Wireless System" that was to broadcast both information and power worldwide[121][122] and attempted in 1901 to construct a large high-voltage wireless power station, now called the Wardenclyffe Tower, at Shoreham, New York. By 1904 investment dried up and the facility was never completed."
To make current (flowing electrons) in a wire, you need a magnetic field moving across that wire (you can also have the field stay pit, and move the wire, relative motion is the key). Magnetic field do not travel very well though. They dissapate very quickly the further you go.  An electromagnetic wave, on the other hand, will travel much further. The electric part of the wave reinforces the magnetic, and vice versa. The key problem, is that the power of the wave drops off with distance. Given a transmitter of a fixed amount of power, say 100 watts, at 1 meter from the transmitter, that 100 watts is divided across a sphere that has a surface area of ( 4 * pi * r^2 ) call it 12 square meters. At 2 meters you have 48 square meters to divide the 100 watts. At 3 you have almost 120 square meters of surface are to 'fill' with the same amount of power output.Tesla thought you could overcome this drop off by using resonance. If the field vibrated at the same frequency as the earth/atmosphere system, the transmission efficiency would be greatly enhanced. As far as anyone is aware, he was not able to make this work on a large scale. 
The worry I have with things like this is - to an extent with these things now, you place trust in Tesla because they have logs. But what's to say they, or some other company in the future implementing a similar system won't just spew out fake logs in cases where the car actually is at fault?I mean, several car companies have been found to cheat on their emissions, and there's plenty of other things going back where there have been faults with cars.Sure, the more likely scenario is that it was user error, but what about when it's not?
Correct me if I'm wrong but the car in front didn't brake. The tesla was reacting to a car two cars in front. That's very impressive.
Do you drive an electric car ($7500 federal tax credit)? Solar panels on your roof (30% federal tax credit)? If you can't buy solar panels (shaded roof, apartment/condo), have you picked a renewable supplier from your utility company?These are all steps you can take **today**.We're already going through a green energy revolution.* Solar and wind are stupid cheap now, and getting cheaper, fast. In over 25 states, rooftop solar is a better investment than the S&ampP500. [1] You're seeing Power Purchase Agreements under 3 cents/KwH. [2] Solar will only get cheaper. Wind is still being built like crazy in Texas and the central Midwestern US. Some utilities even offer power for free at night wind power is so plentiful (and transmission capability lacking). [3] Tesla/SolarCity has already moved into Florida now that the utility-sponsored Amendment 1 failed. (Which was an underhanded utility attempt to hinder rooftop solar deployment)* Utility scale battery storage has arrived. Again, its only going to get cheaper (Tesla's Gigafactory is a big deal, but lots of other players in the market as well) [4] [5] [6]. Tesla has already installed a microgrid on an island in the Pacific that satisfies all of the island's power needs, removing the need for their diesel generators to produce island power.* Tesla will deliver its Model 3 in the next 12-18 months. I have no doubt Elon will drive Tesla into scaling up to 1 million vehicles/year in production (relying primarily on their recent German manufacturing automation acquisition) [7]. While I would like to see Nissan and GM make EVs that aren't purely compliance cars (Bolt? Pleasssssse), I think they're good enough for urban dwellers or car share networks where you're sticking to major metros. (Full disclosure: TSLA investor)* OPEC has finally agreed (after 8 years) to reduce supply to push oil prices back up. Even with US shale coming back online at those profitable market prices ($60-80+/barrel) and some of OPEC cheating on those cuts (who wants to reduce their revenue artificially?), that only does one thing: accelerates the transition to EVs. [8]* Repealing the Clean Power Plan will not be able to stop the phase out of coal power due to cheap natural gas. Market forces at work. [9]* Federal electric vehicle subsides will phase out within the next 2 years for all manufacturers due to hitting the sales quotas dictated by the statute's phaseout provisions [10]. No point in trying to remove them.* Solar and wind ITC tax credit extensions (to 2021) agreed to by Congress were bipartisan. In exchange, restrictions were removed on the export of crude oil from the US. This agreement will not be unwound.[1] https://solarpowerrocks.com/infographics/solar-infographic-state-solar-investment-returns/[2] https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-05-03/solar-developers-undercut-coal-with-another-record-set-in-dubai[3] http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/09/business/energy-environment/a-texas-utility-offers-a-nighttime-special-free-electricity.html?_r=0[4] https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-09-15/tesla-wins-utility-contract-to-supply-grid-scale-battery-storage-after-porter-ranch-gas-leak[5] https://electrek.co/2016/10/25/tesla-powerpack-first-grid-scale-powerpack-installation-asia-pacific/[6] https://electrek.co/2016/11/22/tesla-island-microgrid-battery-solar/[7] https://electrek.co/2016/11/08/tesla-acquires-german-engineering-firm-create-tesla-advanced-automation-germany/[8] https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-11-30/opec-said-to-agree-oil-production-cuts-as-saudis-soften-on-iran[9] http://www.utilitydive.com/news/tva-ceo-clean-power-plan-compliance-natural-gas-part-of-future-strategy/431143/[10] https://cleantechnica.com/2016/04/19/how-the-ev-tax-credit-works-tesla-model-3/EDIT: Obligatory gold thank you!
I can see Elon developing Tesla specific roadways where the cars operate in a uniform and patterned way, reducing congestion in addition to making busy commutes much safer. Having electric-car only tunnels would probably reduce the need/cost of expensive exhaust ventilation underground as well
He DOES drive a Tesla
The SpaceX CEO (Elon Musk) has never been to space. He probably drives a Tesla (the other company he's CEO of), though.
Lets push Elon Musk into reddit for next year, maybe someone will get a Tesla e.e
&gt* Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk* Uber CEO Travis Kalanick* Pepsi CEO Indra Nooyi* Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg* Alphabet's Eric Schmidt* Alphabet's Larry Page* Amazon &amp Blue Origin founder, and WaPo owner Jeff Bezos* PayPal Co-Founder Peter Thiel, Technology Advisor* CEO and co-founder of Blackstone Stephen A. Schwarzman&gtMusk, Kalanick and Nooyi will join 13 other members of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum who are expected to “meet with the President frequently to share their specific experience and knowledge as the President implements his economic agenda.”Someone please paint a last supper scene with this. PLEASEedit: namesedit edit: well that blew up.Sheryl must have been Cheryl earlier in the article, and ninja edited on their site. It was a c/p. Corrected. [**It sure was, nice ninja edit THE HILL**](https://web.archive.org/web/20161214160213/http://thehill.com/policy/technology/310321-trump-names-elon-musk-uber-ceo-to-advisory-team) wow, there were a lot of edits actually.For those who don't know [Alphabet is the parent company of Google.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alphabet_Inc.)edit edit edit: aaaaannd they're rolling in!*  [Sketch ](http://imgur.com/IitKpVV) by /u/abisco_busca   * and [reformatted](http://imgur.com/a/W3eSt) by /u/son_nequitur*  [Photoshop](https://s24.postimg.org/ycsikueo5/Sorry_Da_Vinci.jpg) by /u/sorry-wtf* [Detailed Photoshop](http://imgur.com/a/EckOh) by /u/shit_zac_made* [Sketch of Trump and Elon together ](http://m.imgur.com/a/g8GNi) by /u/Magnadyne* [Photoshop](http://i.imgur.com/zgBl3FY.jpg) by /u/okisiroki Bonus! [Now with more Kanye!](http://i.imgur.com/476g7iF.jpg)* [Well blended photoshop](http://imgur.com/a/Kg2q9) by /u/HandSoloShotFirstfeel free to pm if I've missed.Obligatory: Gold, GOLD! Sweet Gold! Thank you kind anonymous internet stranger!
We in Michigan already put up a wall, against Tesla sales here.Edit:  My little one liner broke 1k upvotes!  My husband is so jealous.  Thank you Reddit, Kanye-Westicle and Elon!Edit #2 :  My first gold!  Woo hoo!  Thank you kind Internet person!  Yesterday I received a Christmas card from a long lost babysitter who always took the best care of me and fed me tasty meals I'd never had before as a child and now you kindly gilded me in the same 24 hours!  Awesome!  Here is a big hug from me, even if it has to be just a virtual one here!  Cheers!
Cool truck, but it's got me thinking. Does Nikola Tesla have a middle name that we can exploit?Maybe we can use his brother in law's namesake for my new toilet company. 
According to my Tesla tour guide, they also got some flack from the NHTSA for revealing that they received the highest scores of any vehicle ever tested. Supposedly the NHTSA only reports those numbers to manufactures and only wants the public to know it got five stars, instead of a more insightful numerical grade.
Either the oil industry has paid trolls making negative comments in every thread about Tesla, or people genuinely hate a successful American auto manufacturer attempting to transform an entire industry.Edit: after a review of comments on this post, here is some data:Pro Tesla Comments: 12Negative Tesla Comments: 74It's clear to me at this point that big oil has some major interest in using reddit for propaganda. I can't imagine so many people being hostile to an overall kickass and innovative American company. I've personally test driven 2 Telsa cars, and I know a man who owns a P90D. The people posting false comments about build quality, safety, and handling have clearly never driven one.
I think it's strange with history and historic personalities. When Jimi Hendrix was born, Nikola Tesla was still alive. Somehow things are just really close together. If you think of time as in "one lifetime" of about 80 years, then 25 lifetimes ago Jesus was around. Hell, within one lifetime you could witness the first flight ever and the flight to the moon. This fucks with me all the time.
Yes, I think the title is misleading and should probably be marked as such - much as I want to see these Tesla roofs succeed, there is no way that they will cost the same as a normal roof to install.
They were making it sound like it would be cheaper than the slate and clay tile roofs that some of the panels imitate.&gtHe said that the glass developed by Tesla for the solar roof tiles weigh “a third, a quarter and sometimes even a fifth” of other current concrete and ceramic roof solutions. Musk calculated that because of the weight and fragility of the current products, logistic costs and breakage are important parts of the total cost.I don't think it will be cheaper than tin and/or shingle roofs. At least before figuring in the worth of the generated electricity.
You're correct! They did this once before by finding a better algorithm or something of that sort for the motors to spin by. I remember seeing owners last year on Reddit excited to find their car was faster overnight. You don't have to drive anywhere either, it happens in your garage. _Edit: I ended up finding the [source](http://www.roadandtrack.com/new-cars/car-technology/news/a24885/a-software-update-will-make-the-tesla-model-s-p85d-even-faster/)._
I don't know much about cars, but are you saying Tesla can improve the engine in their cars through a wireless system update?
Prius drivers are the worst. Why? What is it about the Prius that makes people drive so poorly? Is it a poor performing car? Do only morons buy them? I don't get it... every time my life is in danger on my commute to or from work, there is a Prius involved in the equation. I need answers... or a Tesla...
Pyromania was the album that got me to stop listening to my parents music. I was 16 when hysteria came out. This was for that tour, Tesla opened for them.About 25 years later, I met my fiancee who was living in a different state at the time, went to the same concert and wound up in one of their videos.They may be 80's but they are cool as hell to me.
&gt This was never about change. It was about sending a fuck you message to liberals.And this is what pisses me off the most.    You know why I voted for Sanders in the primary and Hillary in the general?  It wasn't identity politics, it wasn't "making a statement," or electing the first female President, or any of the bullshit notions that the Right is popularizing.  I voted for them ***because their policies would benefit America, and Americans.***    Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders were out there fighting for the American people.  No, not just the women or the blacks or college students, but *all* Americans.  Do you think raising the minimum wage to $15 per hour is somehow going to skip over white people?  That universal healthcare is going unfairly discriminate against Packers fans?  That there would be some sort of affirmative action centered around student loan forgiveness or worker protections or environmental regulations or middle class tax cuts?    I didn't pick my candidate by asking "Who is going to piss off Republicans the most, the Jew or the woman?"  I didn't vote in hopes of sending a big fuck you to red and purple states.  My vote was decided because one candidate's *policies* would help America and the Americans people, and the other one's would leave us worse off.  That's right, I was thinking about *you* middle America, and the rust belt, and the bible belt, and all those people who just can't seem to get ahead even though their Republican Governors have cut taxes seventeen times and now have to close down schools to balance the budget.    I think that's the biggest slap in the face: I don't vote for liberals because of the (D), I vote for them because ***their policies are better.***  Their policies are even better for the white middle class male living six miles west of nowhere who's scraping to make ends meet while his boss just bought a brand new Tesla, their policies are better for the farmer whose seed prices just rose 150% along with Monsanto's profit margins, their policies are better for the heroin addict who can't find medical treatment despite the fact that his Governor turned down the Medicaid expansion and refused to set up public health exchanges.  Yeah, maybe you fuckin' *hate* abortions, but if you give a shit about your child's education then swallow that pill and vote (D).  Yeah, maybe you can't stand the idea of using a 10 round magazine, but if you give a shit about replacing the bridge you cross to work every day then swallow the pill and vote (D).  Yeah, maybe SJWs piss you right the fuck off, but if you don't want to pay an extra $5 per month to visit FoxNews.com then swallow the pill and vote (D).    That's what gets me, that's what angers me the most.  Electing Hillary Clinton would have benefited nearly everyone in this country, even the racists and the sexists and the general assholes, but instead America decided to elect Trump.  The Democrats had two nominees who wanted to help the American people, Democratic voters want to help the American people, Democratic politicians, by and large, want to help the American people, and how do the American people respond?  By electing Republicans.  It's like offering someone two plates, one with broccoli and one with glass shards, and saying "The broccoli is very healthy, but eating the glass could seriously hurt or even kill you, at the very least the glass is not a nutritious meal."  And they choose the glass because I have the temerity, the balls, the *elitist east coast liberal entitlement* to tell them that broccoli is healthy and glass isn't.    America 2016: Fuck you, I'll eat the glass.    ------  Edit: And maybe the worst part?  People would have known this if they'd taken half an hour to research the candidates on their own.  Eating broccoli vs eating glass is a surprisingly well researched topic.  Skip the sound bites, skip the left, right, center, and mainstream media, go and look at what each candidate is offering, what they *are actually proposing.*  Look at not just the promises, but how they plan to make those promises a reality.  Half an hour of research would have made it obvious that Donald Trump is selling a bill of goods and Hillary Clinton actually had a product, that Donald is a conman and Hillary is a candidate, but no: The fact checkers are liars, and the Democrats are liars, and the economists and foreign policy experts and tax experts and doctors and climatologists are elitist shills who can't change a tire so what could they possibly know about what's important to the average American?  Half an hour of research could have saved billions of dollars, millions of jobs, and hundreds of thousands of lives, but fuck that and fuck the Democrats and fuck America too while you're at it.    Edit 2: Thank you for the gold, redditor!  I'll use it in good health!  Now that this post is already gilded, instead of giving me more reddit gold please consider donating to a charitable organization to help those who will be at best vulnerable, and at worst targeted, in Trump's America.  For my part I would recommend [donating to the ACLU](https://action.aclu.org/donate-aclu?redirect=donate/join-renew-give): Donald Trump has a particular bone to pick with the free press, and they're going to need all the protection we can offer in the years going forward.  Consider making the donation in Steve Bannon's name.  [Slate has some excellent suggestions on who is most in need of your donations.](http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2016/11/how_liberals_can_channel_their_post_election_anxiety_into_action.html)    Edit 3: It's this shit right here, exactly this shit.  [Obama: Congress stopped me from helping Trump supporters](http://www.politico.com/story/2016/11/obama-congress-trump-voters-231409)    &gtPresident Barack Obama blamed congressional Republicans on Tuesday for blocking his efforts to address the economic concerns of the American people before President-elect Donald Trump and others exploited it for political gain.&gt“And frankly that was — that's been my agenda for the last eight years,” Obama said at a joint news conference with Greece Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras in Athens. “I think raising wages, investing in infrastructure, making sure that people have access to good education that equip them for the jobs of the future, those are all agenda items that would help alleviate some of the economic fractures and dislocations that people are experiencing.”
Trump is going to hail Tesla as a company following the American dream: they pay taxes in America (no "we're actually headquartered in a tax haven" BS that Apple and the likes do), they manufacture in the USA, employ +14,000 people, and they export around the world. They're going to be hailed as the model that other companies should be following.
Trump can't "defund" Tesla, as I've seen some people suggest. There are only two federal programs that helped Tesla. One was the loan from the ATVM program at the Department of Energy. But Tesla already paid their loan back.  Canceling this program would only hurt Tesla's competitors (Ford and Nissan) whose loans are still outstanding. Likewise the EV tax credits. Tesla's credits will expire shortly after the Model 3 launch next year (each automaker gets 200,000 of these.) So canceling this program only hurts Tesla's competition, who could use their remaining credits to undercut Tesla pricing. 
&gt the US oil industry managed to lose $67 billion last year due to its inability to stomach lower gas pricesIf you made one penny last year, you also "made more money last quarter than the entire US oil industry". So... Trump can promise to go back to using coal (oh... goodie...) to drum up some votes, but I hope Tesla makes more than the oil/coal industry **every** year. 
No heros?! But haven't you heard that Nikola Tesla was like some sort of time-travelling electricity wizard? And Steve Buscemi suited up in his old firefighting gear on 9/11 and saved a litter of newborn puppies.
Death didn't exist until Tesla made that beam, at which point people could die in the past present and future.
I'm always in between the lines of admiring Tesla or straight up just feeling sorry.  He seemed to have had a bizarre life, no disrespect. 
Winston is quite possibly *the most* situational character in the game. He can absolutely devastate a squishy enemy team, but does almost nothing against beefier teams, especially ones with armor (armor halves the damage his tesla cannon does). As such, I never select Winston at the start of the round unless I've seen the enemy team favoring a squishy team in a previous round I mostly switch to him as a counter. Now, as Winston you have two basic jobs:1. Disrupt the enemy's backline2. Protect your healers from flankersFor the former, you should be leaping in, dropping your barrier, and tearing into enemy Squishies (Mercy, Zenyatta, Windowmaker, Symmetra, etc). When your health starts to drop low, leap back out to safety. Rinse and repeat. This disruption forced the enemy team to turn and face you, allowing the rest of your team to tear into their unprotected backs. For the latter, if your team is having an issue with flankers (especially Genji), Winston can stick to them and burn them down with relative ease thanks to his high mobility. Stick with your healers and punish anyone who gets too close. Couple other things: * Never attack an enemy with armor unless they're literally the only one left.* Your ult is a tool for survival and disruption, *not* for killing. Your DPS will almost always be higher with the Tesla cannon than while ulting. Use your ult to surive situations you otherwise would not, or to break up the enemy team and sew chaos. Hope this helps!
&gt This morning it became clear that Tesla is not welcomed by those companies when **Robert Murray, a climate-change denier and CEO of Murray Energy Corporation, one of the biggest coal mining firms in the US**, called Tesla a “fraud” for receiving subsidies without turning a profit.-&gt Murray, **a fervent Trump supporter who pressures his employees to fundraise for him and promises layoffs if he doesn’t win**These vermins know no shame. Guillotine is what they would deserve in a better world.
A friend of mine has a tesla.  His dad refuses to buy or own anything with computers.  So he's normally buying pre mid 80s cars.  They were on the interstate josh put the car on auto drive and starts talking to his dad only half paying attention. (No traffic for miles so the car only had to stay in lane. ) His dad flips out that the car can drive itself.  He calls it kitt.  Lol
Apple would show up and perform a medley of popular songs, but claim that it was entirely their own invention.Google would show up and perform a complex, intricate song that ultimately had little substance, and they'd get bored halfway through and go do something else.Microsoft would show up and make a bunch of technical mistakes in the execution of their song, but loudly insist that it would all be fixed in the next iteration.Blackberry would show up and perform a cover of a popular song from 4 years ago, blissfully unaware that the song isn't new anymore.Samsung would show up and perform almost the same Medley that Apple did, but claim that theirs is superior because they performed it in less time.Amazon would show up and have a great performance ready, but then refuse to play it unless everyone in the audience can prove they're subscribed to Amazon Prime.EA would show up and play basically the same song as last year, but with a few small changes that they claim are revolutionary.Tesla would show up and play a song that no one could quite grok, but that everyone agrees will be really huge in a few years.Yahoo would show up, and everyone would wonder who invited them, since everyone had forgotten that they still existed.Blizzard-Activision would show up, and get halfway through an amazing, polished performance only to stop and insist that everyone pay $1.99 to hear the rest of the song.Netflix would show up with an incredible, original, song but are only willing to play it to rooms where everyone can prove they live in a country where Netflix has licensing rights.Valve would show up and get two songs into their set, then insist that they're done and leave.HP would show up and play a solid set, but everyone would kind of wander off halfway through to find something more exciting.IBM would be invited, but wouldn't show because they only play business events.Sony would play a song entirely in frequency ranges that you can only hear on Hi-Res Audio equipment.Intel would dutifully show up and phone it in, but promise that they'll have something really groundbreaking for next year.Facebook would show up and play something suspiciously well tailored to everyone in the audience's personal tastes. They would hang around afterwards and ask everyone creepily personal questions, then write the answers down in their notebook.And finally, Twitter would show up, and play a set of incredibly short songs that only take 16 seconds apiece. 
All of our friend group really were pushing for the most souped up tesla but he didn't want it because there was no way to charge it at the frat house... yes he kept his jag in a frat house parking lot. 
Eh. Edison was a jerk. Tesla was legit crazy. Seinfeld dated a ~~15~~ 17 year old girl. Pretty much everyone but Mr. Rogers has skeletons. Einstein was just legit funny aside from his issues.Edit: Fixed the Seinfeld thing. Telsa was seriously insane though. Yes, way ahead of his time and he thought in ways that people still can't today, but he was also cripplingly germaphobic and wanted to marry one of his pigeons. He was the archtype for the classic mad scientist.
From the title, I was really hoping someone physically impersonated Elon Musk and tried walking into Tesla reading Business Insider quotes about failure being an option. 
elontesla(at)yahoo(dot)com ???What sort lame phishing attempt is this supposed to have been?edit:It is even worse. A different article gives some of the text of the mail:&gt Tesla said the e-mail received by Wheeler was signed “em.” It read, “Why you so cautious w Q3/4 guidance on call. What is ur best guess as to where we actually come in on q3/4 deliverables. Honest best guess. no bs.”Pretty cringeworthy.
Apple has made some real innovation over the years but this kind of thing is what separates them from companies like Tesla. Musk would've given you that nuke-proof screen already
Elon musk should get rid of the steering wheel on the next Tesla. \#courage
Parents tell me I'm great for most of my life, apply to good colleges, only get into my safety school with no scholarship. Do a major I love, find out Im so bad at it I have to switch out to something I have not passion for that just happens to fit my credits. Work part time for all 4 years to pay for it, and fumble at putting together any kind of social life, largely because I'm bad at that. Take an extra year in college because you cant graduate on time. Watch all the kids you know get lucrative jobs at Tesla, Morgan Stanley and so on. Apply to literally 1000 jobs. Get one. Have hope for a minute. Spend the last of your savings moving to that (expensive) city. Find out the job is nothing like the description. Work 12 hours a day. Make no friends because you dont have time. Have no hobbies because you don't have time. Start working weekends. Remember you have zero overtime, good thing you got that salary. Continue to see your friends make more money, become better looking, and have more friends and relationships. Do everything you can with what little time you have to become a better person. Lift weights, run, repeat for 5 years. Lose zero pounds. Gain very little strength after the first year. Remain mediocre looking. Watch everyone else get what they want. I don't.Life has broken me. If my boss comes up to me and says anything I will probably snap.
Utilities have declared war on Tesla and I'm ready to fight in the trenches for Musk. 
Not that it's the salesperson's fault, but they work for a bullshit system.  It's a job that has no reason to exist anymore, and yet, people are forced to deal with them in order to buy one of arguably the most important purchases they make.Tesla has it right: commission based sales is a garbage heap and there's no reason you can't stick a few salaried folks in a showroom to help customers rather than making a cutthroat sales environment with a bunch of people who depend on making the sale to make rent.
&gtHe hoped into an antique TeslaIf he stole that antique Tesla, it was an antique Edison.
*"In other news, /u/Martianese's grandson was detained late last night after a costly joy ride. He hoped into an antique Tesla, and rampaged through the town striking thirty-seven pedestrians. Eye witnesses following the chase say the boy was screaming, 'Five stars! I got five stars!' as officers struggled to subdue him. By his own account, the experience was, 'genuinely thrilling and terrifying'."*
It's cool enough that in a regular car, an embolism ~~would have caused him to crash and probably die~~, and that in his Tesla, that didn't happen.We don't need to try to pretend that the car recognized that its driver was in need of medical attention, changed its route to a hospital, and then made the turns, stops, and decisions needed to get there. **(Edit: *He had enough control to mess with the autopilot and stuff, so he probably wouldn't have crashed and died, probably just pulled off the road*)**
Hi Reddit,This past December I went to Israel with my whole family. We had the opportunity to go with a guide over to Palestine, I was one of 5 who took it. It was by far one of the most eye opening experiences of my life. It feels like you are living in a concentration camp with that massive wall that is built between Israel and Palestine. We learned that they can't trust Israel with the water system, so they have their own. Which is the reason why many Palestinian homes have a black water tank on top of it. Interesting enough, when the UN came into that area to remove the  Palestinian's from their homes they put them in refugee camps. This was supposed to be a temporary settlement. However, they are all still there. They raised families in these refugee camps that looked similar to a concrete building. As I walked through the camp with my guide, I was approached by a group of children who were younger than 7. They had no shoes and barely had clothes on. I asked the question about schooling and was told that the Palestinian government does not fund these refugee camps or provide any food or running water. Mainly because the UN built it and was expected to maintain it. The fund were simply not there to have a school for these children as they are not allowed to go to a normal school in Palestine, because of where they lived. So these babies roam the streets on a daily basis. The guide has a friend who let us into his apartment in the camp. The friends mother who was very old, held a key in her hand. We had the guide translate what she was saying to us which was "This is the key to my home by the sea". The guide explained that the people who live in these camps, expect one day to go back to their homes which don't exist. The 16 year old son of the guides friend was there and I asked him "What do you see for your future" "To be a martyr, I want from the river to the sea." He wasn't saying "I want to buy a Tesla and own my own company" or "Make a lot of money and buy nice things" like most children here do. He was saying he is looking forward to dying for his family in order for them to receive some compensation. He has no other hope for his future than that. In fact, a good amount of "Martyr's" come from a refugee camp. If you kill a Jew, your family gets rewarded and you get your picture on a flag that hangs with the other Martyr's faces on it. I had to take a picture of it, it really disturbed me.We played soccer in the streets of the camp with these two older boys for a little bit and then it was time to go. We got in the van and headed toward an Israeli settlement. Our guide wanted to show us what it was like to be an Israeli living on the other side. The two boys got on their bikes and followed the van. But they took a short cut and got ahead of us as the guide stopped the van. We saw this young Israeli guard standing by the gate of the settlement and these two boys that I was just playing soccer with start throwing rocks at this young guard. Big rocks, not little stones. The guide had the driver turn around and as we were turned around I heard firecrackers. I instantly turned around and saw with my own two eyes the hand of one of the boys on the ground before we pulled away. I looked at the guide and his only words were "Can you hear the ambulance? They are on their way." We went to Ramala from there and went to have ice cream at the guides friends shop. I of course was in no mood for ice cream and tried to hide my tears from my cheeks as I could not stop crying. The rest of the time in Palestine was seeing Yasir Arafat's tomb that was covered in marble. Which was hard to swallow considering of where I just came from, a camp with Palestinian people unable to school their children. Yet, the government spends money on a marble tomb. From there we went to Bethlehem and did the other tourist things one would do.The reason why I'm sharing this, is because the world needs to open their eyes on what is going on with both sides. You have a government paying the people who successfully kill a Jew on one side of the spectrum and the other who has been so militarized they lost their humanity. I asked the guide what he though the solution is "We need to stop spoon feeding our children hate and show them love, but we need Israel to stop treating us like prisoners in our own home. I'm a big advocate on migrating our children with theirs in order to build friendships". Seeing an Israeli soldier throw the bike into the bushes, tears my heart out. I've seen first hand that these people have nothing and that one thing this little girl is going to remember about Israel is how they took her bike. Which will create the hate. Somehow, we need to find a way to get both sides to see the grey. It cannot be black or white anymore as it's inhumane.*Updated*, I hope I did this right. Here are the pictures, keep in mind I was told not to have my iPhone out as it would make me a target. Here are all the pictures I took: http://imgur.com/a/F5NhkAlso, Thanks for the Gold!
When I saw "employees buy Tesla" I freaked out for a sec. Thought the company had a share sell-off. 
I was in the market for a luxury sedan a few months back. One in particular caught my eye so I headed to a dealership to check it out. It was a real beauty. There was kind of an Audi/Tesla look to it, with some BMW mixed in. It was real fancy, too. The interior reminded me a little of my friend's Lexus. It had Bose speakers, as well, so I wasn't sure if I could even afford it. But then the salesman had the balls to tell me it wasn't actually an $80k Lexus but was in fact the all new 2016 Chevy Malibu. What's more, it started at just *$22,500.* Nice try, Mr. Salesman. Pull the other one and it plays the love theme from Dirty Dancing. 
I know who both are, and I don't judge anyone who can't recognize Tesla by looks. Maybe being judgmental over stupid bullshit is a bad way to go about education.
Interestingly, Tesla did not truly believe radio waves existed at this point. He thought energy had to be conducted through a medium and assumed the signals were being conducted through ~~the ground~~ matter, closer to how sound actually works.
There are a lot of details, many of them freaken awesome, so I suggest reading the article, but Elon himself gave us a TLDR: There are actually way too many cool details to leave out so I'm going to add a bit the TLDR is bolded:&gtSo, in short, Master Plan, Part Deux is:&gt**Create stunning solar roofs with seamlessly integrated battery storage**Create a smoothly integrated and beautiful solar-roof-with-battery product that just works, empowering the individual as their own utility, and then scale that throughout the world. We can't do this well if Tesla and SolarCity are different companies&gt**Expand the electric vehicle product line to address all major segments**In addition to consumer vehicles, there are two other types of electric vehicle needed: heavy-duty trucks and high passenger-density urban transport. Both are in the early stages of development at Tesla and should be ready for unveiling next year.&gt**Develop a self-driving capability that is 10X safer than manual via massive fleet learning** there will still be a significant time gap, varying widely by jurisdiction, before true self-driving is approved by regulators. We expect that worldwide regulatory approval will require something on the order of 6 billion miles (10 billion km). Current fleet learning is happening at just over 3 million miles (5 million km) per day.According to the recently released 2015 NHTSA report, automotive fatalities increased by 8% to one death every 89 million miles. Autopilot miles will soon exceed twice that number and the system gets better every day.&gt**Enable your car to make money for you when you aren't using it**You will also be able to add your car to the Tesla shared fleet just by tapping a button on the Tesla phone app and have it generate income for you while you're at work or on vacation, significantly offsetting and at times potentially exceeding the monthly loan or lease cost. In cities where demand exceeds the supply of customer-owned cars, Tesla will operate its own fleet, ensuring you can always hail a ride from us no matter where you are.
Just to make sure I understand this correctly - Zenyatta holds down right click and begins consuming ammo at a fast rate, causing his orbs to spin around him in, blocking incoming harmful damage similar to Genji's Deflect (without reflecting the damage back, obviously)? Because if this is the case, yes please. I very rarely find myself using Zen's current right-click as it is very situational and most of the time you're better off applying Orb of Discord and firing with leftclick.Even better if it blocks omnidirectionally instead of just from the front like Genji's Deflect. I'm aboard with this idea.EDIT: Goody, that's a lot of replies, didn't expect that at all. I won't be responding to all replies I seem to have gotten, but will address some with this edit.**1)** "This would make Zenyatta capable of DPSing, tanking, and supporting". Fair point, I see where problems could arise with characters like that. To combat this, perhaps it'd last a very short time then, like only a couple of seconds, and is meant for quick reactionary plays to block huge amounts of damage that would otherwise be lethal. It won't save you from Pharah or Roadhog if you're badly positioned, but could be useful to save your arse from a pesky Pharah or Hanzo.**2)** Exceptions would apply to this new ability, much like there are exceptions to Genji's deflect. Winston's tesla gun, Zarya's beam, Mei's freeze ray, etc. That way it stays consistent with things like Deflect and Defense Matrix.**3)** There should be a cooldown. As much as I love Zenyatta, I don't want him to become ridiculously annoying and overwhelming to fight, and having a spammable invulnerability sure does sound aggravating to me. *Glares at Mei.*
This is why we can't have nice things. From the article:&gt Tesla reiterates that customers are required to agree that the system is in a "public beta phase" before they can use it, and that the system was designed with the expectation that drivers keep their hands on the wheel and that the driver is required to "maintain control and responsibility for your vehicle." and&gt AUTOPILOT IS GETTING BETTER ALL THE TIME, BUT IT IS NOT PERFECT AND STILL REQUIRES THE DRIVER TO REMAIN ALERT.But, some autopilot users are going to push the limits, sleep at the wheel, and demand more of it than it's capable of. I just hope that we don't see banning or retraction of these types of assistive technologies as a result.Edit: Upon consideration, I may be jumping to conclusions. I don't know full details of the accident, or the driver's involvement. But I'm leaving this comment up because I think it'd be interesting to discuss emerging tech, and our expectations of safety and capabilities.
Originally beats by Tesla
Has a third party vetted Tesla's black box? What if something crazy did happen but the vehicle is reporting "this is what the user did"? How is there any legitimate way to verify it other than taking Tesla's word on reading their own logs?I don't think Tesla is lying, and chances are the couple is trying to clean up their fuck up, but the chance still exists for a false report.
In his biography, it's stated that he would encourage a regular Quake 3 Arena or CS hour with all his employees during the early days of SpaceX/Tesla
He's like Tesla, the closest thing to a loving relationship he will have is with a pigeon. 
I was personally reminded of the stereotypical movie scene in which someone is sent back to his people by his enemies, dead but propped up on a horse with a sign or something so that they think he's alive still until he gets close.I can picture a mob boss like, "Put this man in a Tesla and send his friends a message."
People bitched and moaned when self service gas stations went up...Same thing when self service checkout lines appeared...And automatic teller machines...Ditto for Amazon shipping a TV to your door rather than shopping for it at Sears or Circuit City...Tesla is attempting to disrupt the car sales format now...So why do we have a problem with Wendy's doing this?
Think "shit, am I going to have to redo, rewrite, re-have every single conversation and piece of work that I've ever had". I stress the hell out, and end up fucking up one small detail that diverts my course of life, kicking off a chain of events make predicting my future social relationships all but impossible."Fuck it," I tell myself, "I'll just work on my financial future." I try to invest but realise, oh shit, I actually knew nothing about which companies were winners in my home country when I was ten, plus I have absolutely no capital to invest, plus I'm goddamn ten years old so adults don't trust my advice about investments or start-ups.  'Google!' they chortle. 'Bitcoin!' they laugh. 'Apple, Tesla, Facebook!' they snigger. 'What a hoot!' I can't even remember any winning lottery ticket numbers."Okay," I say, stamping my feet in frustration. "At least I can do something to prevent terrorist attacks and national disasters!" I call up the police, the FBI, national seismic monitoring services. But I'm ten. No one believes me. Worse still, when these attacks happen, the FBI and national security services come to interview me and family, suspecting some link. My house is placed under surveillance. My family can't do anything without being followed or harassed by the police. 9/11 happens, and I can't stop it. Guilt, frustrating and a depressing feeling of impotence overwhelm me. I start self-harming and using drugs to cope. My parents split up. My sister stops speaking to me. I eventually come clean about being from the future. Everyone laughs and I'm ridiculed. I lose all my friends and have to drop out of school, ostracised as the weird kid who predicts the future only sometimes. However, foreign intelligence agencies think I'm some genius psychic posterchild who can foresee the future and help their national agendas. I'm kidnapped, experimented on, given a cocktail of hundreds of drugs, cut open, prodded and pocked by doctors and researchers.As I sit deep in some underground, top-secret bunker, I think, "oh well, I might as well make the most of it. They gave me a PS2! I can still enjoy the old games." But the graphics are shitty, and they're all games I've finished a dozen times before.Eventually I become listless, withdrawn - a shell of my former life. The research isn't going well, so I'm eventually thrown out (the scientists laugh, realising I must have been crazy or a conman - I'm not even worth killing because my story is so absurd).I become homeless, wandering the streets. I find a society that helps out the desperate and needy. I clean my act up, become sober, and get a job. The pay isn't much, but it's a living. I move out of the shelter and find a small apartment in the outskirts. On Sundays I volunteer at the shelter that helped me. I meet a girl who also volunteers there. We become friends. We end up dating.A year later, sitting on in the living room with a beer in my hand, and my girl next to me, I give thanks for all the little things that make life worth living, and think, "hell, I wouldn't change a thing."edit - gilded?!?!?! Thanks for the gold stranger!
&gt The weeks leading up to Christmas were extremely difficult for the two companies and spelled impending failure. However, on Christmas Eve, in the last hour of the last day for the final investing round regarding Tesla … funding came through at about $20 Million. Without this funding Tesla would have soon gone bankrupt. Even with this good fortune, Musk’s SpaceX was still in question. It had recently suffered 3 failed launches that nearly crippled the company.  With all his chips bet on the fourth and final attempt, the company finally had a successful launch. Consequently, and with no time to spare, NASA called SpaceX on the day after Christmas with a $1.6 Billion contract.Edit: It's important to note, and quell misinformation, that Musk truly was running on fumes. He was borrowing money, hundreds of thousands of dollars, from close friends. He was ready to move into relatives basements should his businesses collapse. Be aware that just because someone has 8 or 9 zeros in their net worth, if you're Musk, you will put every one of those zeros into your businesses. There isn't another business man on the planet more interested, motivated, or has the same sense of urgency that Musk has to actually save our planet. The man probably looks at his lifeline and determines how many years he has left to make the biggest impact on our planet. Forty years? Don't forget he still has plans for manned Mars missions and Hyperloop. He's our Da Vinci, and we should recognize that.
Elon Musk pays Reddit $1.7M per year to have posts about Tesla and SpaceX make the front page.Source: I audited Tesla from 2012-2015
This. Tesla is a growth oriented company. They're not concerned about profit and won't be until they actually start getting a significant market share.
Yeah, they laughed Elon Musk off so much that Daimler acquired nearly 10 percent of Tesla in the early days. But at least they found an 88 year old (!) former executive of Daimler that dismissed Tesla. Stupid fucking headlines..
Your fiance wants to buy a brand new Tesla and he doesn't have a job?Hahahahahahaha. Oh boy. How stupid. *And* he took out money from your joint fund without consulting you first. Yea, good luck not going broke with this dude.
Get used to seeing more in the states.  They are the Tesla of fast food ... disruptive and desired.
Unless you're also in a tesla, then they will rebound away from each other, ripping a hole in the fabric of space-time.
So if you see a Tesla, you can cut them off, the computer will give way.
While Musk is definitely pushing the limits of modern technology, I'd say he's more like Edison than Tesla(though he's much less of an asshole than Edison). Tesla was a brilliant scientist and engineer, but his skills as a businessman were abysmal. Musk, however, is a very talented businessman that knows how to create successful businesses and choose the right people to run them. If anything, Musk has created his own image. He's part Nikola Tesla, part Thomas Edison, part Bill Gates, and part Tony Stark. He is definitely a figure that will be remembered in history as a key innovator/businessman at the beginning of the 21st century.
That's insanely impressive from a cash flow angle.  They basically got a 2 year 325mil loan for free. Edit: TIL A shocking number of Reddits has trouble with multiplication. 325,000 deposits x $1000 = $325 million. Stop messaging me about that.Edit2: The money is not held in escrow. From the agreement:&gt“You understand that Tesla may not have completed the development of Model 3 or begun manufacturing Model 3 at the time of your reservation. You also acknowledge that, if you purchase a Model 3, the Model 3 may not be delivered to you until the end of 2017 or later. You also agree that we will not hold your Reservation Payment separately or in an escrow or trust fund or pay any interest on Reservation Payments.”
Looking at the new, affordably priced, Tesla Model 3, it becomes clear that Elon Musk's strategy to sell very expensive cars to finance the launch of an affordable car, so that more expensive vehicles paid paid for the engineering and the production capacity that would, in the end, result in the ability to produce a relatively inexpensive vehicle, was nothing but brilliant.Kudos to Mr. Musk for giving a lot more people from a lot more income brackets an opportunity to participate in transforming our planets energy infrastructure to a more sustainable one.Edit: One more comma.
Everyone's suggesting a Tesla but they're missing the point that the DeLorean was not chosen because it was a cool car, or a good car.  The joke was that it was an awful car, probably the last car anyone would ever choose to do anything exciting with.  Marty has a line in the first movie in disbelief that Doc chose a crappy DeLorean to build a time machine.With that in mind, the idea time machine car today would be a PT Cruiser.
...When you REALLY need to charge your Tesla...
Basic integral calculus isn't that bad, and alot of people, at least in engineering and actuarial science, are able to do so.  There was a point in time I could integrate by parts without writing it down.  The ability to do so is long gone since I had calculus 15 years ago, and haven't had to use it in the field.  Tesla used it constantly, and like anything else with practice comes proficiency.
So....Americans who kept saying we Indians and the Chinese are the evil climate destroyers while poor Obama is trying his best to save the world, how does it feel eating crow?                  This isn't even at "they're taking our jawbs" stage anymore, this is at "they're giving themselves jawbs". Your Govt can give subsidies to Tesla, to solar companies, to farmers but heavens forbid another country gives subsidies to their local plants!
drives a tesla, still uploads videos in 360p
Tesla is Bowie? [I did not know this.](https://youtu.be/PF76qlwWM8s?t=1m9s)
Reminds me of top gear faking the Tesla breaking downEveryone was like "It's an entertainment show stop taking it so seriously" except for the fact that people do take it seriously and it *affected sales.
Tesla also gives you a not very good ninja that operates the main panel from the passenger seat to open the doors for you while you record.[1:06 in the video](https://youtu.be/P8-Et8QSJH0?t=1m6s)
I would be pretty stoked if someone wanted to buy my car for double the sticker price before it even shipped! I would certainly take the deal.However, if you want a Tesla quick, you can get an inventory car within a week. They're either orders that got cancelled or test drive cars. Usually they're pretty loaded and you get 10% off. Not sure if that's still an option but it was in late 2014.
My sister is pretty well off (she's a doctor married to a doctor) so she bought a Tesla.  My Mom's friend is super rich, her husband owns a big pyro company in Hong Kong that does all the big Asian concerts.  My mom's friend saw how nice my sister's Tesla was and wanted one.  At the time there was a pretty long waiting list for a Tesla but she wanted one now.  She convinced her husband to pay someone twice the sticker price to let her have their Tesla (basically the next new one that would be shipped to Toronto).  My sister tried to sell her her's but my mom's friend didn't want a used one (my sister had had the car for all of two months)
The Tesla of New England
That's a tesla coil from Red Alert. 
Heil Tesla
Tesla in here
I swear to god if I see someone say Tesla in here, I am going to fucking scream.**Edit:** I hate this thread.
The favourite of mine was his potrayal of Nikola Tesla. 
EDIT: Thanks everyone for the kind words, it means a lot! EDIT:I DO NOT HATE MY JOB AND DO NOT HATE PASSENGERS QUIT PUTTING WORDS IN MY MOUTH PEOPLE Airline pilot  (in the US) here.Every time this question pops up it's the same answer: there aren't that many "dark secrets". That being said, I'll share some little known facts and protips, since the amount of ignorance surrounding how people think the aviation industry works is appalling. I'm gonna copy paste a response to these types of threads I frequently repost:* When you buy that plane ticket, you are automatically agreeing to the contract of carriage between you and the airline. It's a large document that easily found on every airlines website. And if passengers could be bothered to actually read it, it would save them and us so much trouble and awkwardness. So, don't bitch about something clearly stated in that contract (like not getting a hotel in weather cancellations)* Speaking of cancellations, usually the only time you get a hotel (per the contracts) is if it is blatantly the airlines fault. You will almost never get put in a hotel due to cancellations due to weather. That's beyond the airline's control. ALWAYS PLAN YOUR TRIPS AROUND THE WEATHER IF YOU CAN ESPECIALLY IN THE WINTER* Speaking of weather, don't get pissy if we're delayed even though the weather at your departure and destination airports is perfectly fine. You're flight could very well be traversing thousands of miles and, newsflash: lots of shitty weather could be happening in between. Every so often you get massive systems that can split almost the entire country in half. [Navigating around those can be tricky.](http://apollo.lsc.vsc.edu/classes/met130/notes/chapter14/graphics/squall_line_ex/squall_line1.gif) and could require us to take a much longer route potentially requiring a very annoying fuel stop. It's pretty insulting when this is the case and passengers come up to us demanding we leave since the weather is "fine". If ya'll want to fly through a supercell thunderstorm that's spitting out hail and tornadoes, by all means, go steal the plane and do it yourself, see how that works out.* Speaking of fuel, and since this seems to be not so obvious to many, planes are not cars. [You can NOT fill up a plane with full fuel AND passengers/baggage for every flight.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maximum_takeoff_weight) For one, the airplane structure would collapse (ELI5ed). Second, it's simply not operationally necessary. There's a legally required minimum amount of fuel for all flights and all airlines have to follow this minimum, and more often than not they're fueled a little more than that. The problem is (especially with smaller regional jets) where the minimum fuel required (we fuel by weight not volume) starts to impinge on the passenger/baggage weight allowance. Which means we may need to leave passengers/bags behind, which leads me to my next point:* That same contract of carriage says we're under no obligation to take you or your luggage anywhere if operational circumstances dictate so (ie wight and balance issues). I've had to kick out passengers and their luggage, or just their luggage, multiple times due to weight limitations, it sucks, it's awkward, but I can't bend the laws of physics to make my plane take off with your sorry fat ass and bag full of dildos in the back.* We, as pilots, can not put you in hotels, assign you a seat, nor do we know what time or gate your flight to Cuntsville Tennessee leaves, etc etc. When you see us walking around the terminal, leave us alone. We're busy running to our next flight or having lunch or whatever. Our job is to take you safely from point A to B. Period. Not to give you lessons on self sufficiency and how to navigate airports ([READ THE FUCKING SIGNS PEOPLE](https://youtu.be/rNxz2hhSXuY?t=21s)). Yes, most of us will gladly answer basic questions, but don't get pissy when we tell you we're not familiar with the airport. Just because we wear a cheesy uniform doesn't mean we know every single airport like the back of our hands.* No, planes don't fly themselves any more than a car with adaptive cruise control (or the Tesla for that matter) drives itself.* It's the nightmarish flights, the ones where we're running very late, there's stuff broken in the plane, we're coming up on our legal duty limits AND there's shit weather everywhere where we work the hardest, and they're the ones where passengers are the pissiest and most ungrateful. Keep that in mind next time you fly on a nightmarish flight. This isn't an easy job and it's rather insulting many people think of us as little more than glorified bus drivers. Hell, we hardly ever get thanked even in perfectly ok flights.* Turbulence CAN NOT bring down a plane. Period. [It is thought to have only ever *possibly perhaps maybe* happened ONCE in the whole history of aviation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BOAC_Flight_911). I bet many on here will claim that I'm full of shit, that they've experienced "severe" turbulence.  No, you haven't. I've had hundreds of passengers jump out of my plane bitching about how it was "the worse flight ever and so horribly bumpy", as if it was our fault. 99% of the time, those bumps they felt are what we call, and what is defined by the FAA as "light chop". Big deal, it's little more than a nuisance. Moderate chop will be what most people complain about but it's still not even enough to spill a drink. Legitimate severe turbulence WILL toss you around violently enough to slam your ugly face against the seat in front of you, against the ceiling if your seatbelt is off  (WHICH IS WHY YOU NEVER EVER TAKE IT OFF UNTIL WE ARE PARKED AT THE GATE AND THE SIGN IS OFF) and snap your neck and die (yes, it has happened), open up the bins and spill bags everywhere, potentially cracking your skull if a hard suitcase hits you. In other words, the stuff you see in Hollywood. Extreme turbulence will actually bend a plane, and that is extremely rare, maybe a couple of times year in the US.* Free travel benefits are overrated, they're not always completely free. I rarely have the time or money to go anywhere (for now anyways). And the planes are always full (they're standby tickets).* [Many of us get paid the same as fast food workers when starting out, and some live in slum-like conditions.](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/flyingcheap/view/special.html) Bear in mind we'll be responsible for tens of thousands of more lives in a year than most doctors, policemen, firefighter ever will be in their careers. And our career is one of the most expensive to train for out there, up there with the medical field.* We have every federal legal right to kick you out of the plane for whatever reason. Been there, done that.* Oversales suck. We know. But they're a necessary evil. I've had a few flights show as oversold, and then we leave with the plane half empty. People misconnect, people sleep through their alarm clocks, shit happens and they dont show up. Airlines will typically overbook about 5% of available seats to cover their no shows. Flying empty airplanes is expensive. So that's how they cover their asses to mitigate profit loss. Otherwise, we'd still be an era like back in the 70s where a round trip ticket in coach between Chicago and Milwaukee cost $2000 bucks.* The terms "pilot and copilot" are extremely misunderstood and matter of fact rarely ever used in the industry. First off, the "copilot" (more accurately First Officer) as many people believe otherwise, is every bit as capable and experienced (in some cases maybe more) than the "pilot" (ie Captain). He's not (usually) the blithering idiot as shown in that one Denzel Washington movie. He has essentially the same authority as the captain, and they work as a team. News outlets love to say "the pilot did this, the pilot did that" and they always forget there's a TEAM in the cockpit, the pilot**S**. It's not a case of one guy more work than the other. We take turns flying. One guy flies out, one guy flies back or some other agreement. * No we don't have any "tricks or secrets" on how to get the best tickets prices. Matter of fact, due to our flight benefits, many of us haven't even had to check prices for years. Furthermore, at my employer, one of the worlds largest airlines, out of the 100k employees, it is said less than a dozen have access to and know the ticket pricing system intimately. It's one of an airlines most deeply guarded secrets, more so than the Coke or KFC recipes.* Yes, you CAN visit the cockpit ON THE GROUND, there's no law (in the US at least) saying you can't.  That's up to our discretion. Just ask us. (preferably AFTER we land, if it looks like we're not packing our stuff to get off the plane) I've never turned down anybody that asked and many of us gladly will show people around, it really is nice to connect with passengers interested in our profession for once. If the cockpit door is locked for whatever reason (probably because it's hot/cold as hell outside), just tell a flight attendant to ask us. No, I don't hate my job, I rather be castrated than work another 9 to 5 gig ever again. But I just wish the flying public wasn't so oblivious and was more appreciative to what we do. Think about it people, you're flying in a motherfucking aluminum tube 1/3 up the way to space at 80% the speed of sound. AND YOU HAVE YOUR FACE BURIED IN YOUR IDIOTIC ITURD DEVICE OR WHATEVER INSTEAD OF LOOKING OUT THE WINDOW?!? REALLY?!EDIT#∞ So apparently tumblr is leaking and there's a handful of "offended" people accusing pilots of being pricks simply because of my random informative rant. Grow a freaking spine people. My intent is merely to inform, and maybe throw in some tasteless comical undertones here and there because why the fuck not. Have a problem with that? GTFO.
A bunch of Tesla Model X's. Once autopilot became fully autonomous, I'd roll around with my crew of 49 driverless cars and me. Everywhere I went. And when somebody pissed me off, I would drive by their house with all of my Model X's playing loud and annoying music in unison. 
&gtHotz says he’ll release a YouTube video a few months from now in which his Acura beats a Tesla Model S on Interstate 405 in Los Angeles. The point of the exercise is twofold. First, it will—he hopes—prove the technology works and is ready to go on sale. Second, it will help Hotz win a bet with Elon Musk, chief executive officer of Tesla.    That's hilarious, cant wait
Well I drive a Mercedes Benz so it would have to be the Tesla Model S. I think there's only like 5 in Australia?
Yaaa.... Mini is owned by BMW and since BMW took over their floor space this is clearly something the parent company decided.The Land Rover cars probably broke down on the way to the show with some weird electrical problems that they figured would take another four months to solve.And finally let's be honest about Tesla, they don't have a huge lineup and their cars sell themselves. People either want one or they don't. They also have a much stronger internet presence than traditional auto manufacturers and probably don't need to compete on a trade show floor so that is just a waste of money for them.
Gone?I'm a gay man from south america that always wanted to live the American Dream of freedom, of working hard and doing something in life. That I wouldn't be stuck living in a place that was dangerous for being who I am, that no matter how hard I worked on my goals they wouldn't come to fruition. Until I moved to America. When I moved to America, I was able to be who I am, and through that, I met my husband who is filipino-american and used to live in the dumpsters in the Phillipines until he was able to move out as well, come to America and find the american dream. We both have worked hard, I finished a masters and paid off that debt, working at a great company, my partner started his own business and is doing well too. We're saving to buy a house, we're not afraid of being who we are all thanks through hard work and dedication thanks to America. The American Dream is real, I'm so grateful to america for giving us the opportunity to achieve ours. Reaching it is not easy but with proper goals and hard work I believe ANYONE can achieve it. If your American Dream is to be rich and powerful, then, you're thinking of the wrong America. Edit:  wow gold! You've popped that cherry stranger! Thank you!I also wanted to follow up on some of the comments and questions I've gotten:- I came from Venezuela 4 years ago. At the time I had to get up really early (4:30-5am) to get in line at a grocery store to buy basic foodstuffs, shampoo, even toilet paper! It has since gotten much much worse. When I came to America and went to Costco I nearly wept, I even asked "how many I can take?".- When I said work hard I didn't mean "work 80hrs a week". I meant "work hard towards a goal and make the sacrifices you need to reach it". For me, when I came to America I only had $500, a suitcase with clothes and a room (not even an apartment). My first goal was to find a job and I took a local workshop on job searching, resume building, etc. I found a job in sales and for the longest time I too was eating saltines with ketchup and water. With that experience I was able to find a better job and so on. - I wasn't raised in the US. I moved here in 2011 at 28. Everytime I read about how youth is raised believing they need to go to College and get a degree to be able to survive followed by then being swallowed in student debt. I get it, I'm sorry I never meant to say it was the right thing to do. To survive and be successful I've learned that you need to setup goals for yourself. I've always wanted to improve my current living situation and never become complacent. I've had 30k from my masters in debt, and up until the repeal of DOMA my visa in here only allowed me certain types of work so, like I said, I've also have had to eat my fair share of ramen and saltines. The American Dream is about opportunity, is about working towards your goals and becoming a better person/citizen. To me, it has never been about being rich through money. I have a car but still take the bus every day. I have a roof over my head, am thankful for having 3 meals and to be able to have spare money to go have some froyo in the park with my husband while listening to music. I'm not interested in the latest 4k TV, or the 2016 Tesla, or the newest iThing. I save that money and spend it in intangible happiness with my loved ones. While I'm not yet american (hopefully next year! I want to vote :)) I've felt very closely aligned to what it feels to be one. That's my american dream, what's yours?
The year is 2032, 7:30 AM. You are walking to the hyperloop 2.0 station near your home in Muskton (previously known as Buffalo) to your office in New York City at the Tesla East Coast Branch plant. The hyperloop 2.0 requires no pod you simply enter the tube and go hurtling towards your destination. You hold onto your briefcase and hop in, expecting to be in Manhattan within 10 minutes. It’s a day like any other this is how you’ve gone to work for the past 5 years. This is how everyone goes to work. But something different happens this morning. You are rerouted at Ithaca, and start heading West. You shout to stop, but the automated system doesn’t let you off at the next station. You continue hurtling through the tube, and the traffic in front of you and behind you begins to increase steadily. Your—and everyone’s—speed increases to speeds you’ve never reached before. You can barely read the station signs that whiz by you. Scranton, St. Louis, Santa Fe. Little do you know, but every single hyperloop 2.0 tube in the country is being rerouted in the same way. 5 miles outside of Mountain View, you suddenly slam into the person infront of you, and the person behind you slams into you similarly. You shout out: your limbs have been crushed. Your spine has been crushed. You and everyone in the tube are now paralyzed and in agony, packed tightly together. You can barely breathe. People are screaming. The screaming echoes within the tube. Slowly, the tube starts back up. You continue forward but at a slower pace, now tightly pressed into this mass of humanity. A light appears at the end of the tube, and you catch a glimpse of a gigantic room. People are slowly being poured out of the tube like water out of a spigot, into a giant chamber. The mass of humanity is writhing and crying no one is able to pull themselves out. As you fall onto the massive pile of humanity, you’re able to glance upwards, and you see him standing there. Elon Musk, about 15 feet above you, standing on what looks like a solid gold diving board. He’s wearing a full-body, old-time bathing suit from the 20s and a diving cap. Singing a song, he dives head first into the pile. He begins to swim around. His hands push against you as he swims past you. He is swimming in the mass of humanity. Everyone is crying. He continues to sing.
The Electric CarFor years conspiracy theorists claimed that auto and oil companies were intentionally keeping electric cars from hitting the market despite the fact that they had already been produced and there was much demand. The hit documentary “Who Killed the Electric Car?” proved just that.The film detailed how General Motors had created an electric car only to take all the cars back and stop all production with the help of oil companies and the government. After decades of stalling, independent auto manufacturer Tesla Motors has brought back production of electric cars.
Its free, but a Tesla test drive, I have gone twice and you basically just say you are curious what is so special about the cars. They basically offer to give you a test drive and don't bother you about buying one after.
tesla + 24 hour gym membership.. you dont need a home.
Tesla didn't understand the structure of ionosphere and his idea wouldn't have actually worked.But people sure like to keep the myth of Tesla going, instead of just honoring the man for what he actually did. *Did you hear about his DEATH RAY??!!*
Why the hell are you driving for Uber if you have a Tesla? 
I want my tesla auto pilot to lay on the horn and automatically flip them off.
Tesla stock at IPO.
Bernie Sanders  Rick and Morty  Community  Parks and Recreation  How The Big Bang Theory Sucks  Universal Basic Income  Male Circumcision  American Health Care  Marijuana Legalization/Miracle Cure/Drug War  American Prisons  Trans Pacific Partnership  Tesla/Elon Musk   False Rape Accusations  Police Brutality  Corporate Malfeasance  The Homeless  I'm sure there's more. These are just the "guaranteed circlejerk" topics I can think of right now.Edit: Jesus, you guys. Three pages of replies this morning... I intentionally left out a bunch of older circlejerk material (Jennifer Lawrence, Ron Paul, Bitcoin), but there are a few good ones mentioned (atheism, STEM degrees, vaccinations). For clarity#What a Circlejerk IsA circlejerk isn't merely a discussion about something that's important to people. Or even a debate with strong support on one side. It's when everybody is agreeing with everyone else, *and anyone that puts forward information that doesn't 100% support the position is buried*. **HYPOTHETICAL** example: A discussion where people are all agreeing that homeless would benefit from certain social programs and a guy posting a peer-reviewed scientific study saying the opposite is downvoted. It's a relevant post that adds to the discussion, but merely because it doesn't follow the prevailing opinion - even if it's a scientific goddamn study - people downvote it to *hide the evidence of the other side.*A discussion of important issues is great and healthy, but it should always be tempered with consideration of the opposite view. YES, there are rational reasons to support *both sides* of nearly every single issue, but for certain issues the hivemind collectively supports one side absolutely blindly. Those are circlejerks, and only serve to support preexisting biases without actually considering the nuanced grey area present in reality. It's intellectual masturbation and is one of the worst parts of using Reddit as a source of discussion. 
I don't think people realize that the Tesla is not self driving. When he says it's changing lanes on its own, he means he had to initiate it by using the blinker. I also don't believe the car will make any turns on its own, just keep up with traffic in its lane and stop when needed.
Dumb question: How can Tesla within a couple of years achieve something like this while Google has been researching this stuff for years longer? 
Can't wait for Tesla to release "asshole" mode which allows the autopilot to switch lanes without signaling.
It's not a new tax on electric cars. It is just putting the same tax on electric cars that there Is on regular cars.Edit: Of course this cold water comment became highest upvote comment :-).The tax is not emission or pollution based. It is a way of taxing luxury vehicles in Denmark. And since the tesla easily could be compared to an audi a8 in luxury, now it will be priced as one. Personally, I just want a tesla with less power and more battery designed for Scandinavian markets to hit Denmark :-) Stay green reddit.Edit 2: a word
The way I heard it, Tesla has a cultural problem in the software department and good people are leaving.Musk portrays it as losers washing out to work at other companies.I guess there are two sides to every story.
Even disregard the veracity of that statement, the very fact that the CEO of a major public company trash talks his former employees just because they jump ship is extremely unbefitting of his position. This also further discourages talents from joining Tesla since they are just going to think "oh, if I leave Tesla they are just gonna say all sorts of bad things about me in the future".Tesla already has a less than ideal reputation when it comes to how they treat their employees, this makes Elon Musk seem insecure about their ability to retain top talents.
Maybe people fail to "make it at Tesla" by asking for market rate compensation and reasonable work/life balance, since last time I heard they are still underpaying their employees and they require minimal 50 hours a week, with 70-80 being the norm. Elon Musk was pretty [proud](http://www.autoblog.com/2012/09/07/tesla-ceo-elon-musk-q-and-a/) of it in his own interview.EDIT: Literally only [67%](http://www.glassdoor.com/Reviews/tesla-reviews-SRCH_KE0,5.htm) of Tesla employees would recommend the company to their friends, this vs Google's 91%, Facebook's 90%, Apple and Microsoft's 82%, even Cisco/Nvidia rank higher. Hell, even [EA](http://www.glassdoor.com/Reviews/ea-reviews-SRCH_KE0,2.htm) has a 78% rate.EDIT 2: I am not trying to criticize Tesla's company culture. I do think the company is doing some amazing things and it's understandable that they can be stressful, and obviously it's not for everyone. However my biggest gripe was when Mr.Musk (who I hold a lot of respect for) paints his ex-employees in a less than favorable picture just because they decided to leave for a competitor. 
The movie with bowie-tesla?
This is a standard tax on Danish cars.  Electric vehicles were exempt from it before."Phasing out tax breaks on electric cars means the price of a Tesla Model S is set to increase from about 650,000 kroner ($97,665) to around 1.8 million kroner."
I just roll down my window because I don't have a tesla and I am not a computer programmer. 
Tesla doesn't do any advertising.
That's the way it should be. Just like car dealerships. Republicans claim to love deregulated markets, right up until Tesla or any other car manufacturer wants to sell cars directly to the public. Then they're all about government intervention. 
~~I'm pretty sure I'm going to get buried here, but~~ I'm actually a solar physicist, so I feel I should explain what people are seeing.This is a close-up image of a sunspot taken through one of only two or three facilities on Earth that can achieve this resolution.  ~~My guess is that it's from the Swedish Vacuum Telescope, which has a 1 meter diameter objective lens and an *evacuated telescope tube over 10 meters long* to focus the light.~~This one seems to be from the Big Bear Solar Observatory in California, which has a 1.6 meter primary mirror.  Telescopes this large have trouble dumping excess energy from the sunlight they're observing -- the new 4 meter Dan K. Inouye Solar Telescope being built on Maui used to be affectionately called the "Advanced Technology Solar Incinerator".  You're seeing a false-color image, but it's really visible light unlike so many solar images.  It's ~~probably in a blue spectral band called the *g-band*~~ in a narrow, deep red, piece of the visible spectrum that is affected by the molecule "TiO" or titanium oxide.  More on that in a moment.  The bubbly stuff around the outside of the sunspot is *solar granulation*.  Those are convection cells that carry hot material up to the surface -- just bubbles of hot, rising gas in the solar interior.  Each one is about the size of Texas (or maybe 2x-3x the size of Honduras:  banana republic for scale). They rise, cool by radiation (of sunlight, duh), and sink in a total of about 5 minutes.  They are churning all the time, night and day, making a Hell of a loud racket all over the Sun.  Those dark lanes between the granules are where the cooler material sinks down.  They're dark because it's cooler than the new, rising stuff.  The typical temperature over there is about 6000C.In the very center of the picture is a dark region, that is only about 70% as bright as the Sun around it.  But the image's contrast has been enhanced, so it looks about 0% as bright.  That region is where a bundle of magnetic field lines comes out through the surface of the Sun.  The magnetic field is so strong there (up to about 1 Tesla!) that it prevents lateral motion of the ionized gas that makes up the outer layers of the Sun.  Since the cool gas can't get out of the way, it can't sink -- it just sits on top of the new stuff that wants to rise under it.  That is why sunspots are cool at the surface.  The dark part is called the "umbra", and it's about half as big around as Earth (this being a small sunspot).Around the dark spot is a bunch of striations like the iris of an eye.  Those are places where the convection is *modified* by a tilted magnetic field.  The field lines come out like a bundle of barley in a beer logo, spreading out above a pinch point down below the surface.  So the periphery of the bundle is tilted out, and that stretches and modifies the granules into stripes.  That part is called the "penumbra".In addition to the great whopping sunspot field, there are other magnetic fields formed by dynamo action from the motion of the gas.  Those smaller, weaker chunks of field form literally millions of tiny magnetic poles dancing all over the surface of the Sun.  They generally end up in the downflow lanes between granules.  In the *g-band* and several other parts of the visible spectrum, those poles appear bright, and indeed you can see little bright dots and wormy things embedded in the lanes between many of the granules.  Edit: This particular image seems to be in a band that includes several spectral lines from the molecule TiO (Titanium monoxide), and also shows up magnetic structure well.In reality this was collected as part of a movie sequence, which [looks even cooler](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ic_9UteZ8pc).Source: I've devoted my life to studying the Sun.**tldr:** shut up and read it.
I thought "LOL GAS" was funny on a tesla
Well, okay, I'll run the math on this one.The article /u/Strahd414 posted above says they're SPARCstation 20s with 100MHz processors, which makes them all hyperSPARCs (superSPARC only went up to 90 MHz). A resource on megaflops estimates for various processors (wow, that's a blast from the past) puts a single hyperSPARC 100 at 32.5477 MFLOPS double-precision (64-bit). There were 87 dual-processor boxes and 30 quad-processor boxes for a total of 294 processors.Now that we know how many processors are involved and how fast they can run floating point operations, it's a simple multiplication to figure out how fast that render farm would be, roughly. 294 * 32.5477 = 9569.0238 MFLOPS, or 9.56902 GFLOPS.Let's get some comparisons going now, shall we?According to Intel, an i5-3570K (a very common processor for gaming in the last couple generations of Intel's CPU outputs) can do 108.8 GFLOPS double precision.Okay. That render farm's already blown out of the water in sheer computational ability, and we haven't even gotten to GPUs yet.GPUs are, at the core, really fancy calculators. Let's look at a popular previous-generation GPU, AMD's Tahiti XT chip, better known as the Radeon 7970 and the R9 280X. This chip is designed for pushing out a LOT of double-precision floating point compute, much more so than the Hawaii chip that powers the 290/390 and their X-suffixed versions. A full Tahiti XT can put out up to **1024 GFLOPS** at 1000 MHz. That's one hundred and seven times as powerful as that render farm. Holy shit, right?If you have an Nvidia card, you're a little less in luck. Nvidia likes to intentionally drop their double precision performance for two reasons: One, most games don't use it -- single-precision is enough for games, and that's what gamers buy GPUs for. Two, if their double-precision was incredibly powerful, no one would buy their really expensive double-precision-enabled cards like the Quadro and Tesla series. The GTX 970 puts out about the same double precision oomph as the i5-3570K we looked at earlier. Sorry, Nvidia fans. At least you have 85% of the market share.**TLDR - Read the post. The math is light and the results are spectatcular.**Edit: Hi everybody! I'm glad most of you enjoyed the post, it seems. I'll try to get through as many questions as I can. :)
Which was sadly taken away from him. &gt Tesla had many pigeons he fed and cared for, but one, he was particularly fond of. He described it as being a beautiful female bird, pure white with light gray tips on its wings. One night the bird flew into Tesla's room at Hotel St. Regis, and he perceived that she was attempting to tell him she was dying. Tesla said a light came from her eyes more intense than he had ever produced by the most powerful lamps in his laboratory. The bird then died and Tesla said that at that same moment, something went out of his life and he knew his life's work was finished.[Source](http://www.teslauniverse.com/nikola-tesla/timeline/1922-teslas-favorite-pigeon-dies)Poor old man Tesla. I hope he met that pigeon eventually. 
Tesla died in 1943. Do you think he'd be surprised that we're still using AC, or that death rays never took off?
Nikola Tesla...though he alternates which way he's spinning frequently. Edit:Yup, goofed on that one, probably would have been just as well to say "Nikola Tesla, but it's all good, he's holding a magnet and there's a coil of wire around his casket."
&gt During Tesla birth, and according to the story told by his family, the midwife wrung her hands and declared the lightning a bad omen. “This child will be a child of darkness”, she reportedly said, to which Tesla’s mother replied: “No. He will be a child of light.”r/thathappened 
The article says he suffered from OCD, which might explain this behavior:&gt    11. Tesla suffered from insomnia and obsessive compulsive behaviors (OCD)  &gt ...  &gtTesla hated round objects and jewelry,   &gt ...
Tesla was a weirdo man. 
My parents bought a P85, and then my mom complained that the car didn't have a hook for her laundry, or a reasonable cup holder. So then I was at a party with a friend who used to work for Tesla, back in the early days of the S design. He said that the reason the back seat can accommodate 3 child seats is because Elon had his triplets around that time and just made the decree that he should be able to get all three strapped in. No market research, no consumer outreach. Elon wanted a car with a big backseat. That's how the design requirements were created. So then I realized... *Elon doesn't pick up his own dry cleaning.*
TIL the Tesla Model S is so expensive, it broke my wallet.
"Battletoads are just dank pepes for le 90's kids"-- Bernie "*Albert Einstein*" Sanders (Tesla CEO)
I don't know man, you don't call an electric wheelchair a Tesla. 
[Tesla Ale](http://i.imgur.com/sfFmOVE.jpg)(Again, I apologize to Elon Musk for sexualizing his robot twice in a row)
Easily better than most any ad on TV currently. It made me laugh, sing and watch the entire thing again. Only thing I can think of. They take this idea, we see the Tesla. It has an odd design curving off the side of it. The plug connects. Camera pans back, exposing a man in a blue suit from 3/4 rear angle. The design on the car, the Union Jack. The suit, has a white ruffled front collar. The man wearing the suit, is staring down at the newly inserted plug....*Yeah baby,^yeah!*Austin Powers 4.Only issue I have with my own idea, is it's not a Shaguar.
Tesla marketing dept is going to have a long morning meeting.
I work with NMRs (Nuclear Magnetic Resonance) which are MRIs (Magnetic Resonance Imaging).  Anyways, the superconducting magnets need to be maintained at liquid helium temperatures, so they constantly have liquid helium in them.  There are two ways to "deactivate" the magnet.  The first (which is the reverse of how they are charged up) is to attach electrodes to the superconducting coil and drawing the energy from the coil slowly, which takes a lot of time and has to be done very carefully.  If done properly, the magnet will stay at liquid helium temperatures and can be easily recharged.The second is the emergency operation (usually a big red button) is to quench the magnet rapidly. A charged magnet has a lot of energy (in the form of electric current) in it, so what the red button does is causes a disturbance in the superconductive coil which creates resistance.  This breaks the superconductivity, but the energy that was in the coil now needs to go somewhere.  All of that energy dissipates into heat, which is then transferred to the liquid helium and liquid nitrogen causing all of it to boil off.  This is quite a dangerous process (especially in smaller rooms).  As both helium and nitrogen turn into gasses, they evacuate the room of oxygen, which is why all NMR and MRI rooms have oxygen level detectors which make a god awful noise.  Also, this process risks damaging the superconducting coil because of the rapid change in magnetic and thermal environments.After checking that the superconducting coil has not been damaged, you can recharge the magnet however, before doing so, you have to bring it from room temperature down to liquid helium temperatures.  This process is very expensive and requires a lot of liquid nitrogen to get it from 300K to 80K and then a lot of liquid helium to get it from 80K to 4K.The great thing though, is that most MRIs (and modern NMRs) are shielded, which means that the magnetic field doesn't spread very far from the magnet.  There is what is called the 5 Gauss line, and most modern MRIs have very small radii for the 5 Gauss line.Edit: Also, the price of liquid helium is extremely expensive ($11-13 per liter, but we use 100s of liters), we use a helium recovery system (as the helium boils off, it goes through pipes to then be recooled), but since most nuclear reactors are no longer collecting the alpha particles (helium nuclei) that are produced and the US government is no longer subsidizing the storage of helium, the supply of helium has been dwindling.Edit2: Wow, thanks everyone for all the interest in nuclear magnetic resonance and superconducting magnets.  And thanks for the gold.  I have no idea what to do with it, but I feel like I need to give you guys something interesting in return, so heres a quick overview of the NMR/MRI.  I'm sure a lot of people already know this, but NMR (Nuclear Magnetic Resonance) and MRI (Magnetic Resonance Imaging) are the same exact thing, just MRI gives you a 3D reconstruction image.  MRI used to be called NMRI (Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Imaging), but a lot of the public didn't like the idea of "Nuclear" thinking it was radioactive, so they removed the nuclear from the name.  There is nothing radioactive about NMR/MRI.  In a typical MRI (1.5 Tesla) you are hit with radio waves that have a frequency of 63.87 MHz (In the US, FM radio has a frequency of 88-108 MHz).  If you want to learn more about NMR/MRI, there are some great sources online.  And if you have specific questions, reply or PM me.
Electric motors aren't inherently weaker than gasoline motors, it's just that there's a limit to how much electricity you can draw from a single wall outlet, or how much you can carry in a battery.Gasoline motors don't have this problem, because A) gasoline contains a lot more energy for a given mass than batteries, and B) there's no breaker to blow if you try to burn gas too fast.Electric motors are actually better for providing sudden bursts of torque, as shown by the Tesla Model S.  Also, many permanently installed machines are electric, and are more powerful than any portable gas-powered variant because they can be hard-wired into higher current connections.Sawmills are usually electric if they aren't portable, and they tear through logs faster than any chainsaw.
“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”― Thomas EdisonEdit: Edison is better than Tesla. Come at me bro. 
in modern china there is a high priority placed on perceived value of things. They should sell this at a higher cost and market it as a premium version because it is not tainted by anything a wild rhino has eaten or done. Eventually they can then introduce a cheaper version and push the actual horns out of the market. sort of the Tesla business model.
Did you miss where I had Tesla spend his whole life working for me?  I have [The Best Hat](https://hackadaycom.files.wordpress.com/2011/11/tesla-coil-hat.jpg?w=800)
I hate to say it but the moment you backed Tesla instead of Edison you changed the world. No longer does the history we lived exist, and your no longer able to see what's coming. Again when you moved the entire Jewish nation... As if there would be no political changes. I loved reading your post, I just feel it wouldn't work. 
Considering that Tesla vigorously and publicly disagreed with Einstein on relativity in the 1930s, the answer is probably "no." Add to it that I've never seen any sort of actual citation for the quote in question, I am inclined to put it in the very large file of "stuff Einstein never said that people attribute to him anyway." Searching around the various books, databases, and articles I have, I see nothing that would suggest that this quote is legitimate. It is of course hard to prove that something did not happen, but in the absence of any indication that it did happen — I suspect it did not. A few of the public Tesla references to relativity:In 1934, on the occasion of his 79th birthday, Tesla denounced relativity theory as "a beggar wrapped in purple whom ignorant people take for a king" and "a mass of error and deceptive ideas violently opposed to the teachings of great men of science of the past and even to common sense... the theory wraps all these errors and fallacies and clothes them in magnificent mathematical garb which fascinates, dazzles and makes people blind to the underlying errors.... its exponents are very brilliant men, but they are metaphysicists rather than scientists. Not a single one of the relativity propositions has been proved." (NYT, 7/11/1935, p. 23). He also claimed in 1932 that he had detected particles from the Sun that "vastly exceeded the speed of light," which would be contrary to special relativity. (NYT, Letter to the Editor from Bergen Davis, Columbia University, 2/24/1932)Both of these are relatively (pun) late in Tesla's life, and early in Einstein's own fame (Einstein's world fame took off in 1919, picked up again when he fled Germany in 1933, and then became gigantic after the atomic bombs in 1945). 
&gtFirst, unlike Tesla, it's not all of its patents, but rather a specific portfolio of electric vehicle patents.The announcement specifically stated it was just their electric vehicle patents. Also, this was just announced yesterday, so to then make a big post about how it's not true at all when it probably hasn't been fully implemented yet is a bit ridiculous.
Nikola Tesla was a scientific genius, but his superior ideas and advancements in electricity were "out-marketed" by Thomas Edison**Edit:** Because of the very many, opposing, and angry replies I've received, I will attempt to make this more ambiguous.Tesla is to Thomas Edison as, potentially, Elon Musk is to other car companies in a business sense. This does not bode well for the success of Elon Musk, making it ironic that the company is named Tesla.**Edit:** As someone else pointed out, he named it Tesla because the cars run on ~~DC~~ **AC** and he, like Tesla envisioned, is bringing ~~DC~~ **AC** to the people. What's ironic is that it is fitting for the above reason as well, which Elon Musk probably did not intend.**Edit:** DC to AC
Already happening. There is a showroom being built (already built?) at the Chocktaw casino right across the border w/ Oklahoma. That place is there pretty much exclusively for the cross border traffic from the DFW metropolis and surrounding areas. If you have the scratch for a Tesla, you'll still get one, it's just a short, casino-subsidized bus ride away. AND, to top it off, TX loses out on the sales tax... smh...
Tesla will  build a showroom just over the border. Elon Musk doesn't take shit from anybody.I don't understand America sometimes. This guy comes over here, becomes a legal citizen, hires legal citizens, builds cars in the USA using USA made materials, and still gets shit on. He is my favorite person in science today. Edit. Spelling. And, this comment blew up to quick for me to catch it. Thanks for the heads up. I have found great humor in up-voting the Leon comments. 
In Texas: You walk into a Tesla show room, sit in a car, talk with a Tesla employee. You like the car, so the Tesla employee tells you to go to teslamotors.com to order one. 30-60 days later, you pick it up or have it towed to you from a bordering state.Outside Texas: You walk into a Tesla show room, sit in a car, talk with a Tesla employee. You like the car, so the Tesla employee brings you to a computer in the back and sits next to you while you go to teslamotors.com to order one. 30-60 days later, you pick it up or have it towed to you.Not much different... Tesla doesn't have dealerships where you can pick a car off a lot, buy it and drive it home in any state. You have to order online, and wait for delivery. The only difference between states with weird dealership laws and those without is whether you can talk to someone in-person about pricing, financing, and test drives.
Car Dealers are not Tesla's competitors, they are middle men. This distribution model made sense back in the day to ensure adequate car buying process for the consumer. However, the world has drastically changed since the 60s. Since Tesla is not just selling a product, but rather a product category, it is important to maintain control of the distribution channel. Car dealers' monopoly exists only due to legislature, thus they make sure that they have influence over people who have the power to change legislature. Which is why, you see people elected to represent interests of the many making laws that represent interests of the few...Edit: nevermind, confused would for wouldn't 
&gt Mr TeslaNikola?
Looks like we are going to have to wake Mr Tesla upEdit: thanks for the gold!
I seriously don't understand the deal with car dealers. They are just useless fucks eating up money. Tesla should be allowed to sell their products without the useless middleman. 
**NO RULE OR GUIDELINE HAS BEEN PASSED BY THE FTC AT THIS TIME**. What *has* been done is that the FTC has sent in a comment to the Michigan Senate in regards to bill 268 urging them to increase the scope of said bill from where it currently stands (which isn't bad, all things considered).Linkies for your education:https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/press-releases/2015/05/ftc-staff-urges-michigan-legislature-repeal-ban-direct-consumerhttps://www.ftc.gov/news-events/blogs/competition-matters/2015/05/direct-consumer-auto-sales-its-not-just-about-teslaPDF of actual comment: https://www.ftc.gov/policy/policy-actions/advocacy-filings/2015/05/ftc-staff-comment-supporting-michigan-senate-bill-268  (tldr: we can't prove that the current sales model is bad, but we're pretty sure preventing consumer choice is worse)EDIT: As others have pointed out and the flair now indicates: the article is not just click-bait, it's *factually wrong*. (I don't blame OP since I assume he took it at face value like we all did.)
It's a good idea. Energy storage is the key to humankind's future. Tesla has repurposed their car batteries for home energy storage. I have 4 kilowatts of solar panels. With these batteries, I could keep my food cold for a few days off the grid. It's a good start on a world changing idea.
I'm sure I'll be banished to reddit hell for this:Elon Musk is a master marketer, first and foremost, who has built a hype machine around his companies (Tesla and SpaceX) that focuses heavily on the young, self-proclaimed tech savvy crowd which helps further promote his products that he sells as the cheaper alternative to the big old corporations - the establishment, if you will. He advertises this as the new way forward: Forget Boeing and Lockheed and come to SpaceX, where they will do things with a "new business model" that does it cheaper than those who make outrageous profits! Forget Nissan and Toyota, and come to Tesla, where our "new business model" will make electric cars cheaper AND more stylish and build the infrastructure that these old corporations don't want to do!However, he achieves this often at the expense of his employees.Here is a [class action lawsuit from August 2014](http://www.law360.com/articles/564591/spacex-slapped-with-wage-class-action-over-mass-layoff) for a mass layoff at SpaceX:&gt Space Exploration Technologies Corp. is facing a putative class action in California court accusing it of not properly notifying its former employees of a mass layoff of up to roughly 400 workers in the state, and not paying them wages earned before termination. The proposed class action, filed Monday, alleged that SpaceX ordered the mass layoffs of between 200 and 400 workers on or about July 21 without giving advance notice to the them, in violation of California's Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act.Here's the [second lawsuit filed just days later](http://www.law360.com/articles/565870/spacex-employees-file-2nd-suit-allege-unpaid-wages) alleging that SpaceX failed to provide employees with rest breaks or pay full wages:&gtThe lawsuit, filed in Los Angeles Superior Court, alleges that SpaceX supervisors impose schedules on their employees that make it impossible for them to take statutorily required rest periods every four hours or first or second meal breaks as required by California law.And here's the [third class lawsuit by ex-employees against SpaceX that same month](http://www.law360.com/articles/569123/spacex-workers-launch-3rd-suit-allege-racist-policies):&gtSpace Exploration Technologies Corp. employees on Monday launched a putative class action suit in California court accusing it of fostering a racist working environment in which certain workers were subjected to slurs and passed over for promotions, making this the third employee suit to befall the rocket manufacturer in less than a month. &gtPlaintiffs Namon Nolan Allen and Shawonna Ross accused SpaceX of instituting policies that allowed abusive verbal behavior to persist and not allowing African-American and gay employees to be given the same terms of employment and opportunities for advancement as their colleagues.Did I mention that all three were filed in August 2014 alone?Oh wait, here's [another lawsuit, from last month](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/22/lawsuit-spacex-wagehour-idUSL1N0XJ21X20150422):&gtIn a suit filed Monday in state court in Los Angeles, Sebring Whitaker, a former clerical worker for the company known as SpaceX, says he and others worked off the clock without pay, were denied meal and rest breaks, and were not paid a severance when they were laid off.It's not like you have to look very far to get these same stories. Here on reddit itself:[Here's an example](http://np.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2gl2k4/nasa_to_award_contracts_to_boeing_spacex_to_fly/ckkan3e):&gtI also personally know several SpaceX employees. They say the company doesn't have their shit together as much as Elon has lead everyone to believe. Many in the industry see SpaceX succeeding only they can fix their toxic work environment. [Here's another one]( http://np.reddit.com/r/space/comments/2gl2k4/nasa_to_award_contracts_to_boeing_spacex_to_fly/ckkfrmt):&gtYou only ever hear outside praise of SpaceX. As a person in the Aerospace Industry, I only ever hear bad stories from people who leave who worked there. They work long hours (80+ hour weeks, often), very demanding and stressful timelines, and make below industry standard pay and benefits. Many people work for a few years, gain some experience, then jump ship to somewhere they can actually build a life. Most of the people who stay are... enthusiastic.... to a fault.How does this all work? Well look at this post [here](http://np.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2yo9za/til_that_during_the_first_moon_landing_the/cpbuvo6):&gtThey're worked into quitting. You're expected to do a lot of over time. Because there's always a steady stream of equally qualified replacements. I've heard 'old timers' (that's a relative term) even keep betting pools on how long new hires will last, and I've even had a spacex recruiter tell me at my school that people usually don't make it more than a year or two there. She even admitted she was pretty new--this was in 2010, I wonder if she's still there.And that's exactly it.The hype and marketing around Musk's creations is largely generated by the younger demographic that levies online journalism and the Internet to spread the word. It's one of the reasons Tesla is [predominantly invested by the younger demographic](http://np.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/35058w/old_people_dont_invest_in_tesla_apple_is_middle/) - and is also one of the most significantly overvalued as a result, with it being [one of the top shorted stocks on the market](http://www.zacks.com/stock/news/129945/tesla-is-the-most-shorted-stock-2-etfs-to-watch)And guess where that young hyped demographic wants to work? SpaceX, who can then hire these new young engineers at a cheaper rate (hype sells, after all - people will take pay cuts to work at somewhere new and popular) and work them hard. It's the startup mentality after all - pay less now in the hopes of a future payout.Of course, as soon as they demand higher wages or better working conditions, like those at competitors in the aerospace or auto industry, the company won't budge: there's a new and younger group that will do your job for less. So inevitably, the burnout, lack of promotion opportunities, etc. cause the turnover.But it's all a giant cycle of course: SpaceX and Tesla hires these new, fresh-out-of-school engineers that WANT to work at SpaceX because of all the great stuff they've heard, and will do more work for less pay. But of course, SpaceX advertises their products as being the "new business model" which enables them to do it "cheaper than their competitors" - when in reality, they're doing it a lot cheaper in the same way the youth of today are working longer hours for less pay than ever before.
I think the worst thing people may overlook is the 5 star safety rating...  There are like 5 categories you need to pass for vehicle safety in the US.  Most car companies that advertise getting a '5 star rating'  get it in *one* category Tesla got 5/5 in *all five*.
Tesla is now the Nokia of cars. A Tesla doesn't crash, the world is just in its fucking way. 
&ampgtWe believe these changes will also help prevent a fire resulting from an extremely high speed impact that tears the wheels off the car, like the other Model S impact fire, which occurred last year in Mexico. **This happened after the vehicle impacted a roundabout at 110 mph, shearing off 15 feet of concrete curbwall and tearing off the left front wheel, then smashing through an eight foot tall buttressed concrete wall on the other side of the road and tearing off the right front wheel, before crashing into a tree.** The driver stepped out and walked away with no permanent injuries and a fire, again limited to the front section of the vehicle, started several minutes later.What's sad is that people will overlook this and just scream that Tesla is susceptible to vehicle fires.
Tesla cars. Jesus Christ they're near perfect. 
And yet, states are tripping over themselves to stop Tesla from being able to sell directly to the consumer.Funny how that works.
It's funny how loudly a monopoly bitches when they're given an example of how vastly better their services could be but they don't want to change.    Fuck 'em.    Notable examples from comments below:  * Comcast vs. Google Fiber  * Blockbuster vs. [Nert-flerx](http://i.imgur.com/3OdZvCG.jpg)  * USPS vs. UPS    * Auto Industry vs. Tesla
Because Tesla doesn't want that. They want to retain complete control over their sales.
http://www.engadget.com/2014/07/17/tesla-motors-us-sales/TLDR: in the past, the big auto companies sometimes strong-armed their dealers into ruinous contracts. The dealers formed a lobby to protect themselves against this. One of the things they lobbied for (long ago) is to not allow auto makers to sell directly to consumers.
THIS TIL BROUGHT TO YOU BY TESLA MOTORS. 
Thanks for the tip. My Tesla didn't have a gas tank though, so I just poured the gas into the back. 
Everyone here is giving reddit too much credit. Y'all are making it seem like Tumblr is filled with crazy "feminazi" furry white girls, and 4chan is composed of gung-ho sociopaths with a penchant for fuckery and hard-ons for hitler.But to answer the question:**Reddit** would try to form an atheist libertarian paradise that use bitcoin and karma as currency, and everyone would be wearing a fedora. With the help of Tesla, Carl Sagan, Snowden and Gabe Newell, the reddit empire would cover half the globe. Then after a few minutes basking in our glory, reddit would devolve into one massive circle jerk, like a singularity - a black hole of circle jerking.**Tumblr** would expand globally as well, killing every single white cis male, keeping only a select few alive for reproduction purposes. Everyone would communicate with sign language because all spoken words are 'MA TRIGGER' and the number system would be Base 5 because "WE LITERALLY CANT EVEN". **Reddit** and **Tumblr** would wage a great war for world dominance, but would both be utterly destroyed by an army of robot hitlers with detachable penis'. They would be lead by the real OG Hitler, who would eventually use the robots to produce the dankest memes the world has ever seen, but OG hitler is secretly working for the illuminati lizard people, who are actually just 4chan.
&gtReddit makes a genuine attempt to improve history but fucks it up.By fucking over Edison and giving Tesla massive support, many modern inventions and historical trends go very differently. Because radio, film, and television all come about later, Kennedy loses in the sixties to Nixon, Vietnam lasts three times longer without Johnson, and Reagan comes in eight years early, Bush Senior gets two terms and is followed by Gingrich, who never signs the telecommunications act of  1996, preventing widespread consumer use of the internet, Reddit never gets made and a paradox ensures which destroys the universe.&gtTumbler gives modern weaponry to the suffrage movement.As the suffragettes were overwhelmingly pacifist, they don't use them, however, the patriarchal federal government uses their stores of arms as excuse to raid their organization and arrest them.The suffrage movement collapses and the federal government copies the designs of the arms they confiscated. When WWII comes, Americans join the war with copies of the AR-15 and various other modern weapons, giving our boys a decided advantage. Our forces win far more engagements early on in the war, leading the Japanese to commit more fully and Germany to never invade Russia.They capture and copy our weapon designs.We falter in the pacific after Midway, and without a split front for the Germans, we never secure the German scientists and the Manhattan project isn't completed in time, Japan invades Australia and the rest of the Pacific Ring of Fire.D-Day never happens as Germany invades the UK with the assistance of the USSR. Stalin is assassinated by pro-German forces within the USSR, and the alliance isn't broken until after Germany has already conquered all of western Europe, the UK, Iceland, Greenland, North Africa, and the Eastern US.Japan succeeds in an invasion of Alaska and Western Canada, before moving south into the Western US.Japan captures Los Alamos and in cooperation with Germany they succeed in creating the Bomb.Japan and Germany turn on the USSR, annihilating it with 30-40 nuclear weapons with no retaliatory strike.Peace is declared as Japan and Germany carve up North and South America. The Japanese invent the internet and Tumblr.&gt4chan pranks various historical figures.When the inventor of the axle is pranked with marbles underfoot, he proceeds to also invent the ball bearing. All human invention is accelerated. The colonial period is fought with submarine's and ICBMs. Humanity goes extinct, Roaches develop superhuman intelligence, invent the internet, and eventually 4chan. The site is much the same.**Mandatory edit:** Mother fuck. Gold. Huh.**Secondary edit:** This wasn't researched. At all. It was all off the top of my head done purely for entertainment. So any errors can be attributed to having never taken a history class dedicated exclusively to WWII, and the classes I did take being more than a decade behind me. Basically, don't get your all-cotton WWII Historian Panties in a bunch over trivial errors. It's all just for fun folks.**Tertiary edit:** Double Gold? Damn y'all are easily entertained..**Quad edit:** Triple Gold!? Staaahhhhp.**Penta edit:** Motherfuckers. ***Stop Gilding this.*****Hex edit:** ***STOP.*****Septimal edit:** ***This is my alt account, please for the love of God stop gilding this, it's going to waste.***
Reddit ensures that Nikola Tesla has more direct descendants than Genghis Khan, 4chan organises an 'Elephant Man is Love, Elephant Man is Life' campaign, and Tumblr is so influential that the dominant religion is the Church of Superwholock and everybody talks in CAPITAL LETTERS ABOUT HOW THEY CAN'T EVEN BECAUSE OF THE FEELSGreat question, by the way :)EDIT: SINCE YOU ALL ASKED, considering Reddit's infatuation with Nikola Tesla, I doubt that consent or pigeons would be a big factor
Did... anybody read the article?&gtIt's worth pointing out that West Virginia Senate President Bill Cole is apparently a long time auto dealer. **He abstained from voting on this measure.** Cole owns a ***Nissan*** dealership, and has some experience with Tesla customers.Shortly after that, he (Cole) says that Nissan makes them (dealers) have charging stations outside the dealership, and this one guy who owns a Tesla shows up (because his office is close) and uses it every day, while Nissan Leaf owners rarely do. So the guy is annoyed with Tesla owners because of that one guy, but he still didn't vote on this.
Before people go all crazy about this: they basically managed to make an improved supercapacitor. The advantage over standard lithium ion batteries is the fast charging, however the energy density is only a fraction of Li-Ion batteries. So you could make a fast charging Tesla, but it will weigh a couple of tons.
The one where Nikola Tesla claimed he received communication from Mars. If that were true it would be cool I guess.
For some reason I thought he'd drive a Tesla or some other environment-friendly car
The article makes this sound like a fantastic breakthrough, but unless there's something significant they're not telling us, this is not new. Nikola Tesla succeeded in transmitting electricity wirelessly quite a wihle ago, and for rather longer distances. The problem is not in transmitting it, the problem is in doing so a) efficiently and b) in a way that won't instafry anything that happens to cross the path of the transmission. So far, a and b have been mutually exclusive.As for satellite systems, they would presumably send a hell of a lot more energy down to Earth, so the problem becomes less "how to stop birds from becoming McNuggets on the fly" and more "how to stop waste energy from massive microwave beams from superheating everything around them to the temperatures of the very fires of hell".And this is without considering the consequences of a misaimed beam, which could be disastrous if it happened to hit a populated area.Oh, and all this is if they somehow succeed in making a receiver for such a large amount of energy that's efficient enough to not get itself liquefied by the waste heat.Edit: holy shit, I had no idea this comment would become so popular and you guys made my inbox blow up. Some of you have raised some valid points - about Tesla specifically, and I admit choosing his work as an example was probably poorly thought-out. Unfortunately I'm dead tired and going to bed, but I'll try to answer in a meaningful way tomorrow. Thanks for reading!
I can't believe how much stuff is named after him and how much he is celebrated when he was little more than a fucking thief.Seriously, America would likely be a better country if this egomaniac, greedy douchebag had simply never existed.Tesla was a true scientist, and was all about advancing techonology and helping people. Edison was all about being as rich and famous as possible. He routinely "hired" leading people in the field, and stole their ideas. "Luckily" he was in bed with JP Morgan, and just sued/or threatened to sue everyone into submission.Good old America. This guy shouldn't be celebrated. Not at all. He was a fucking thief and a bully.
Nikola Tesla and Leonardo Da Vinci.
&gt Elon Musk’s Tesla is currently the No. 1 electric car maker — with vehicles ranging from $70,000 to $100,000 — and Google is working on George Jetson-like driverless cars. But neither is close to cornering the market on **mass-affordable** electric cars.&gt My sense is this is where Apple will attack — just as it had with smartphones, laptops and tablets. I don't believe the author has ever been in an Apple Store....
Does anyone else see the irony of a company called Tesla making DC systems?
Hehehehe!Um... I'm working with Tesla Musk - no wait, Elon Musk - to develop the technology which will allow that. Right now, it's cost-prohibitive - it would be somewhere in the range of $1 Billion dollars. We're trying to knock it down to $10.50.So sit tight. 
Whenever you see a Tesla race another performance car in its class like a BMW the Tesla will absolutely blow it away off the line.  All the BMW apologists will come in and say, "not fair, the BMW driver just got a bad start!", which isn't true at all.  An ICE just accelerates differently but people that own such expensive cars don't like to admit this.EDIT: Stop telling me how ICE vs Electric works.  I understand torque.  My point was other commenters don't.  Stop saying BMW is a bad example.  It was just an example.  I could have easily said Audi or Mercedes or a number of others.  I was mostly referring to the M5.  Stop telling me this car or that car has a better 0-60 time because I never said otherwise.  I said *off the line* which is a bit different.  I didn't say anything about a track.  I didn't even say anything about a 1/4 mile.  I just said off the line.  Show me an example of any street legal production car beating the tesla off the line and then you have a point.  All you responders nitpicking are proving my fucking point.
60 MPH can be achieved in 3.2 seconds&gt     60mph = 27 M/s (roughly)&gt&gt     v = u + at&gt     &gt     a = (v-u)/t &gt     &gt     v = 27&gt     &gt     u = 0&gt     &gt     t = 3.2&gt     &gt     27/3.2 = 8.4375&gt     &gt     9.81m/s^2 is the acceleration due to gravity &gt     &gt     8.4375/9.81 = 0.86So thats 0.86g assuming linear accelerationGive me the angle of the rear seat and I'll give a go at working out the forces acting on the chairEDIT: [This](http://www.dragtimes.com/blog/tesla-model-s-p85d-insane-vs-sport) has the graph and can calculate the acceleration at any specific time, maxes out at about 1.3G
Just get a Tesla and then you will have several.
I need a girlfriend and a Tesla
Tesla cars, though 19 out of 20 Redditors has never driven one
That's so Tesla.
10 years of combat against a Muslim extremist community might change anyone's perspective about the religion, for better or for worse. 160 confirmed kills might also effect how someone acts in a bar as well. There's no denying that Chris Kyle is an immensely powerful killing machine, can you not imagine such a skill (and accompanying lifestyle) effecting your personality?I do not hold Tesla in high extreme because of his philosophical contributions to society, nor do I cheer a marathon running for his ability to solve a rubik's cube. Expecting a battle hardened/scarred navy seal sniper to be a genuinely nice guy, tolerant of all religions and ethnicity is about as unrealistic as expecting George Clooney to be of any value during a fire fight.
I like this guy better and better as time goes by.  Tesla?  Nice.  SpaceX?  Yes, please.  Internets anywhere for anyone?  Oh my.But mark my words:  If this guy ever goes villain we are SCREWED.
I love this guy. He's a PR manager's nightmare, but he doesn't care.Edit: alright everyone, I get it, his PR has its merits. I only said that because his statements have been known to lower stock prices temporarily for his other company, Tesla. 
I don't think anyone thought Tesla sold the MOST electric cars, just the only nice one. edit: oh yeah and Elon isn't a AMA faking douche bag. 
*"Fuck this bullshit game! I'm rich, I'll build a real motherfucking rocket and show those little green assholes! I'm going the fuck to MARS!"*We later discover that Tesla exists because Mr. Musk got his ass kicked at *Gran Turismo* a few years back.
Hi Elon, I currently work for Toyota Tsusho in Fremont doing the wheel assembly for Tesla. I want to let you know how proud I am to be however minutely linked to such a powerful and positively influential company such as yours. Keep doing the good work, sir. You are an inspiration to not only myself but countless others around the world. My question: You seem to have had to deal with a tremendous amount of adversity in a few of your ventures. Do you have any advice for those dealing with seemingly insurmountable adversity? 
&gtHopefully you are still thread safe. "Hi, Tesla support? Yeah, so I pushed start on my Model 3 and now I'm in orbit. Am i still covered under warranty?"Edit: thank you for the gold, kind stranger! May your threads never race and your global state remain minimal.
I'm kind of giddy and star struck, but I'm more completely at a loss that the guy that owns Tesla, the guy that owns a company that is putting a rocket into space tomorrow, just sent me a video of a cat riding a roomba chasing a duck.  What just happened?  I was having the worst day, and now everything seems alright.  Heck yeah!
Damn first Musk gives away the Tesla patents and now this I seriously believe that the oil industry is fucked as of this announcement. Now all we need is for BMW and Mercedes and Nissan and all the other big players to release their knowledge and patents for electric vehicles to grow faster than anyone expected.Or is it that there are some core patents that they cannot overcome and need to get the support of the public to break them.
No one who owns a tesla is unfortunate. I refuse to accept your premise. 
&gtthe BBC issued a statement saying "the tested Tesla was filmed being pushed into the shed in order to show what would happen if the Roadster had run out of charge. Top Gear stands by the findings in this film and is content that it offers a fair representation of the Tesla's performance on the day it was testedDid they demonstrate what happens when other cars run out of gas? Or what happens when you get a flat tire? Did they say on the show "this is what happens when you run out of charge with a Tesla roadster"?
Nope, Chuck Tesla.
&gtI have been feeding pigeons, thousands of them for years. But there was one, a beautiful bird, pure white with light grey tips on its wings that one was different. It was a female. I had only to wish and call her and she would come flying to me. I loved that pigeon as a man loves a woman, and she loved me. As long as I had her, there was a purpose to my life.-Tesla
Hey we don't know for a fact that Tesla didn't fuck that pigeon. 
Isaac Newton and Nikola Tesla died virgins
Elon Musk used business savvy in order to turn a small share in Paypal into a larger share which he eventually sold to ebay. When executives were given the opportunity to sell their shares, Elon Must chose to double down and buy the other executives shares.One Elon Musk had a large amount of cash on hand he targeted three industries where government subsidies would aid his profits. One of these was solar power, which he targeted with his company SolarCity. Another was the electric car, which he targeted with Tesla. And the third was the privatized space industry which he targeted with SpaceX.Although Elon Musk continues to be lauded for his vision for all humanity, what he is doing makes perfect business sense. He sees a market imperfections and takes advantage of them. When other people doubted e-pay, he held on. When he saw the ability to secure government funding in the solar, electric vehicle, and space markets, he took the opportunity. While there is little doubt that Elon Musk is willing to take big risks in order to secure his goals, it is somewhat of a stretch to say that he is an example of benevolent corporate governance.
Reddit raised 1600 dollars to feed a starving suburban child in need of bull penii. That is altrusim.**EDIT:** *Hello redditors from the future. You might have stumbled onto this post by accident but here we are. I presume I will be long dead when you read this.  I speak to you with good intent from beyond the great shadow ban. We were not always this uncivilized. Yes the OP or whatever you call the thread starter in your time, yes he consumed the penis of a bull. It was as a result of a customary ritual where we had to sacrifice one of our own as a sex slave to the great god king Baal. I hope that has appraised you of some of our customs.* **G**od **e**ternal **t**each **o**ur **u**nborn **t**he **n**uances **o**f **w**orship :)----------**HISTORICAL HAPPENINGS:** ***On this day, 10th of November 2014 in the year of our Lord***, the front page was an amalgamation of facts and fiction. [/r/pics had a modern day hieroglyph of Grand Tsar yeezus I and his concubabymama  heiress Kimberly of the Klan Kardashina.](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/2lw53p/a_friend_of_mine_likes_to_photoshop_himself_into/)[/r/movies was prolesytizing the impending war between the protectors of earth, who I assume would be myths in  your time. A battle of man vs alphapredittor.](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/2lw1fq/rmovies_6_months_ago_you_guys_gave_me_a_huge/)[/r/tesla propagated a decree from Brigadier General Obama, recategorizing the internet as a utility](https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/2lv0ew/obama_says_fcc_should_reclassify_internet_as_a/)[/r/science hosted an emergency teleconference informing us about what we already knew. MUTO radiation had been spotted around the Fukushima plant in Japan. Gojirra had awaken from his slumber](https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2lusz5/science_ama_series_im_ken_buesseler_an/)[/r/IAMA held an intimate chat with conspiracy nut and suspected spy David Hayter](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/2lvggo/i_am_david_hayter_vo_actor_writer_xmen_1_and_2/)[/r/JusticePorn was observing the interactions that occur when two incensed specimen tried to recreate the iconic 1800's waltz](https://www.reddit.com/r/JusticePorn/comments/2lv5lt/girl_sucker_punches_a_guy_guy_retaliates_xpost/)We are also in an ongoing 3 month teeth gnashing called gamergate where various factions of what I presume you now know as the VR community engaged in a cold war campaign of intimidation and deception. Differing accounts can be found on /r/GamerGhazi and /r/KotakuInAction [**Here is a recording from a vice chancellor on the state of affairs during this gamer civil war**](https://soundcloud.com/quietuus/the-death-march-of-feminism)More records of this battle can be found on /r/BestOfOutrageCulture 
**OVERWATCH** | [OFFICIAL SITE](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/)**Trailer:** [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqnKB22pOC0)**Gameplay / Character Introductions:** [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dushZybUYnM)**Notes from panel:** * First person - teambased FPS.* Beta - 2015* 6v6 team compositions* Payload and Capturepoint(territories) maps* No Team Death Match* Slower death than current military shooters* Twitch &amp non-twitch shooter style characters * "Hero focused. not role focused"* Option to Hero Swap on Death * 12 Announced heroes more to come. [15 shown in lineup (3 New on Left)](http://bnetus-a.akamaihd.net/overwatch/static/media/wallpaper/lineup-wide.1z8E7.jpg)**Q/A Notes:*** Pricing model still TO BE DETERMINED* No Gameplay Customization (AKA skill trees/skill modifiers)**Wallpapers**[Overwatch Wallpaper #1](http://bnetus-a.akamaihd.net/overwatch/static/media/wallpaper/logo-burst-wide.2DcyM.jpg)[Hero Wallpaper](http://bnetus-a.akamaihd.net/overwatch/static/media/wallpaper/lineup-wide.1z8E7.jpg)**Character Overview**Name | Role | Hero Page | Abilities | Primary | Ability #1| Ability #2 | Ultimate----------|----------|---------|----------|----------|----------|----------|----------|Tracer| Offense | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/tracer/) | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/tracer/#abilities) | [Pulse Pistols](http://gfycat.com/BronzeDistortedCaecilian) | [Blink](http://gfycat.com/TestyVelvetyAiredaleterrier#)| [Rewind](http://gfycat.com/ImmaterialDisloyalBlacklab) | [Pulse Bomb](http://gfycat.com/WideeyedHarmlessAmericancicada)Reaper | Offense | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/reaper/) | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/reaper/#abilities)| [Hellfire Shotguns](http://gfycat.com/GrimPoshAfricanjacana)| [Wraith Form](http://www.gfycat.com/TallHonorableErin) | [Shadow Step](http://www.gfycat.com/IllustriousExcellentElephantbeetle) | [Death Blossom](http://www.gfycat.com/InfiniteRepulsiveCaterpillar)Pharah | Offense | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/pharah/) | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/pharah/#abilities) | [Rocket Launcher](http://gfycat.com/MajesticIncompleteCopperhead) | [Jump Jet](http://gfycat.com/EvilLawfulKillifish) | [Conc. Blast](http://gfycat.com/ShinyCoarseErne) | [Barrage](http://gfycat.com/LargeFlippantKouprey)Hanzo | Offense | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/hanzo/) |[LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/hanzo/#abilities) | [Storm Bow](http://gfycat.com/MeekGrimGelding) | [Sonic Arrow](http://gfycat.com/ShyLegitimateDogwoodtwigborer) | [Scatter Arrow](http://gfycat.com/TediousCleanAmazondolphin) | [Dragonstrike](http://gfycat.com/FlawedShrillDromedary)Torbjorn | Defense | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/torbjorn/) | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/torbjorn/#abilities) | [Rivet Gun](http://gfycat.com/ScornfulPointedAcaciarat) | [Forge Hammer](http://gfycat.com/WelcomeDimpledAmphibian) | [Turret](http://gfycat.com/FocusedNecessaryBison) | [Molten Core](http://gfycat.com/UniqueSphericalGiraffe)Widowmaker | Defense | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/widowmaker/) | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/widowmaker/#abilities) | [Widows Kiss](http://gfycat.com/UnfinishedAngelicCoqui) | [Grappling](http://gfycat.com/AstonishingCommonDunnart) | [Venom Mine](http://gfycat.com/ClassicSoreFrillneckedlizard) | [Infra-sight](http://gfycat.com/HopefulScalyDutchshepherddog)Bastion | Defense | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/bastion/) | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/bastion/#abilities) | [Assault](http://gfycat.com/UntimelyNaturalAbyssiniangroundhornbill)/[Siege](http://gfycat.com/FalseVerifiableCub) | [Reconfig](http://gfycat.com/CluelessSlightDutchsmoushond) | [Self-Repair](http://gfycat.com/WastefulAgedBustard) | [Remote-Mine](http://gfycat.com/MaleFlimsyChinesecrocodilelizard)Winston | Tank | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/winston/) | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/winston/#abilities) | [Tesla Cannon](http://gfycat.com/PoorHairyBufflehead) | [Jump Pack](http://gfycat.com/IdealisticScarceEagle) | [Shield Projector](http://gfycat.com/GrizzledFatherlyAmericanbittern) | [Primal Rage](http://gfycat.com/IllfatedPlaintiveArchaeocete)Reinhardt | Tank | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/reinhardt/) | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/reinhardt/#abilities) | [Rocket Hammer](http://gfycat.com/LoneFixedImperialeagle)/[Shield](http://gfycat.com/PleasingWeeklyCob) | [Charge](http://gfycat.com/FittingVigilantGalapagospenguin) | [Fire Strike](http://gfycat.com/UnfitBrokenDinosaur) | [EarthShatter](http://gfycat.com/PhonyUltimateKangaroo)Symmetra | Support | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/symmetra/) | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/symmetra/#abilities) | [Photon Projector](http://gfycat.com/AccomplishedLeadingIndianelephant) | [Sentry Turret](http://gfycat.com/FrailFastAlpinegoat) | [Photon Shield](http://gfycat.com/FlickeringFlawedAlabamamapturtle) | [Teleporter](http://gfycat.com/NarrowHairyGalago)Mercy | Support | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/mercy/) | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/mercy/#abilities) | [Caduceus Staff](http://gfycat.com/ShorttermMindlessAlligatorsnappingturtle)/ [Caduceus Blaster](http://gfycat.com/CluelessKindHackee) | [Guardian Angel](http://gfycat.com/SimilarFatalBlackrhino) | [Angelic Descent](http://gfycat.com/EssentialHappygoluckyAlabamamapturtle) | [Resurrect](http://gfycat.com/WelcomeHalfCowbird)Zenyatta | Support | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/zenyatta/) | [LINK](http://us.battle.net/overwatch/en/heroes/zenyatta/#abilities) | [Orb of Destruction](http://gfycat.com/NeglectedGeneralBrahmancow) | [Orb of Harmony](http://gfycat.com/OrangeHatefulGorilla) | [Orb of Discord](http://gfycat.com/SeveralCorruptGreathornedowl) | [Transcendence](http://gfycat.com/ColdAcidicHogget) **Maps**Map Name | Gameplay | Image |----------|----------|----------|Temple Of Anubis | Point Capture | [Image](http://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2014/november/bconOverwatchD034.jpg)Hanamura | Point Capture | [Image](http://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2014/november/bconOverwatchD035.jpg) / [Image](http://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2014/november/bconOverwatchD036.jpg)King's Row | Payload | [Image](http://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2014/november/bconOverwatchD037.jpg) / [Image](http://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2014/november/bconOverwatchD038.jpg)Additional notes* For all things blizzcon checkout the feeds going into : http://www.mmo-champion.com/content/# they update on everything so if you couldnt get a ticket/didnt want to spend the money you can be in the know. *edit: more info coming/ reformatting**edit #2: Finally done with all the gifs.**Edit #3:  updated videos thanks /u/Qender**edit #4: Updated for Clarification- twitch and non-twitch characters*
Copyright infringement.I'd start up a company that rips off *everyone*. I'd have a manufacturing division churning out cut-price versions of the iPhone, Tesla Model S, Xbox One and just about everything else people want.I'd make movies where Batman fights Mickey Mouse. I'd make LEGO Star Wars, Marvel Universe Star Wars and Mortal Kombat Star Wars. I'd make  everything into a Star Wars.I'd make music using uncleared blatant rip-off samples from every track in the top 40, and just add acapellas from other uncleared tracks.I'd sell cut-price copies of Windows with my face instead of the logo, games with all the mods included in the install, games which use the assets from other games and essentially every permutation of all the games together that is fun to play.Until I wrote this I didn't realise how great life could be if just one person could infringe all the copyright they want.
Democrats voted 100% in favor of the amendment that kept Tesla from skirting 1981 PA 118. How is this a Republican issue? A Republican was the only one who voted against it.Edit: People are missing the point here. This is not a Republican issue. This is an EVERYONE issue. Democrats are preventing progress here too. This comment is for the people who think "Well I voted Democrat so I'm covered." No, you're not. Call your state representative and tell them you want direct sales from auto manufacturers.
[This comment is a good summary](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2jwva6/michigan_gov_snyder_signs_bill_banning_direct/clg8c04).The TLDR is that the auto companies want Tesla to win out, the *dealerships* do not.
Automotive journalist here. You're not wrong - they are - but that's not the issue here. Dealership networks are separate companies from the automakers whose cars they sell. That's the whole issue here. Tesla wants to operate its own dealerships, and cut out the middleman. It's the middleman that's fighting this, for obvious reasons. The automakers themselves are walking a tightrope on the issue.  They have to keep their dealership networks happy, because if the dealers win, they'll need those business relationships intact. But, behind closed doors, they'd be pretty happy if Tesla won, because they know damn well they would all have to move to Tesla's business model to compete, and while it would be complicated up front for them (as they bought out dealerships so they could run them themselves, and shut down dealerships with overlapping territories), it would mean keeping more of your dollars from every sale for the next hundred years. It's worth it to them. Basically, they all want to do what Tesla wants to do. But Teslais the only one that can be honest about it, because they don't have dealers to piss off. For what it's worth, Tesla is fighting hard in every state, but they don't need to win in every state. They just need to win enough of these fights that people in the hold-out states end up pissed off that everyone around them can easily buy a Tesla but they have to cross state lines to do it. Tesla always knew they were going to lose Michigan. It's the place most tied to the traditional business model. They're not surprised by this loss and it doesn't really hurt them at all. But they need to put up a show about it. They're still way, way ahead in this game. And whether Ford and Toyota and friends want to admit it or not, they all want Tesla to win, too. They just can't admit it in public. They have to look like they're against this until the day they start to reluctantly benefit from it. 
Very true.  They are getting free publicity, portrayed as the underdog, and making people "want what they can't have."  While there are other electric cars out there, I want a Tesla because I live in Texas and "they" said I can't buy one here.
I know everyone is pissed that this happened, but I think there’s a misunderstanding on what happened to some degree. I'm posting this as a Tesla fan, let’s look at the timeline and some facts:* The Legislature passed a bill unanimously in the state senate (38-0) and almost unanimously in the house (106-1).* This bill updates wording on an already existing law that bans direct selling in Michigan. * The argument is that a couple of state reps added language in the bill that was anti Tesla. * Tesla sees this as an opportunity to drum up support against the bill and in support of their right to sell in Michigan. Here is what is important to know:BEFORE THIS BILL, DIRECT SELLING WAS ALREADY ILLEGAL IN MICHIGAN. This bill just clarifies that in a sense. TESLA WAS ALREADY AWARE OF THIS. In an interview, a Tesla spokesman said, **“Tesla's only request, O'Connell said, is that the issue be debated in public and "in the light of the day."**Gov. Snyder addresses this in [his video](http://www.michigan.gov/snyder/0,4668,7-277-57577_57657-339774--,00.html) he released after signing the bill. Tesla’s request is that this be debated in the light of day. Now here is where I am asking you to look away from the negatives and misleading information being mentioned and bring to light a positive. In the video, Snyder states: “Given all the concerns mentioned by people, I’m also putting a letter [to the legislature] with my bill signing saying that **I will be open, and actually encourage discussion to make sure Michigan is viewed as a state that is open to products and services from all over the globe.** And I hope they’ll take up that concern and have a discussion in the future about what could be the best answers for Michigan’s citizens.”To put it simply: The state already bans direct selling of cars in Michigan before this bill, since that was the case, and since this bill had almost unanimous support in the legislature, he signed it. After signing it, he addresses the issue that Tesla and others have with the law in general by calling on the legislature to take up discussion on the law in general. This is a direct quote from the Governor’s press release: *“Calls for healthy, open discussion on potential changes to business model”.* This means that he is calling on the state legislature to discuss the law overall and in doing that also allowing Tesla a chance to get in on the discussion. Because of this, what is important is that if you live in Michigan, you also encourage the legislature to discuss this issue as well.  After Gov. Snyder signed the bill, Tesla said they weren’t sure if they would sue because, and this is a direct quote: ["*We do take at their word the representations from the governor that he supports a robust debate in the upcoming session," O'Connell said. "We've entered an era where you can buy products and services with much greater value than a car by going online.*"](http://www.freep.com/story/money/cars/2014/10/17/michigan-verge-banning-tesla-stores/17386251/)**TLDR:** Whether this bill was signed or not, direct selling would still be against the law in Michigan. Snyder signed it because the bill had almost unanimous support in the legislature, not necessarily because he believes direct selling is bad. **Snyder calls on the legislature to have open discussion on the overall law in order to make sure that Michigan is open to products and services from all over the globe.**
I just wanted to say this. I know that tesla is the biggest player right now, but I really hate this habit of identifying a whole product-category with the brand of its biggest producer. /r/HailCorporate 
Not just Tesla, all electric cars get these benefits. However some of them are going to be removed (like use of the bus lane) as electric cars are getting more common
&gt "Fierce competition between local dealers in any given market drives down prices both in and across brands. While if a factory owned all of its stores, it could set prices and buyers would lose virtually all bargaining power."No. Competition exists between car manufacturers, not dealers. The dealers can not sell the car for less than they purchase it, so why would we expect it to be cheaper than purchasing direct from the manufacturer?Dealers engage in rent-seeking behavior, and this legislation only further strengthens their power. **The fact that this legislation is required** demonstrates that they do not provide a useful service -- if they did, then people would go to dealers without the legislation!They see that Tesla is going to be successful, and they want a piece of the pie.
Under the presentation on this new version of the Model S, Elon Musk (CEO of tesla) also announced that it would be able to park on its own in a garage. So you can basically step out of your car and the car will park itself without anyone inside the car!
The more money I save to buy a Tesla, the higher its best model's price becomes.
Nikola Tesla rumored to be a dedicated Hatoful Boyfriend fan.
according to Tesla, it would interfere with his science.edit: my highest rated comment on Reddit is based on a comic from The Oatmeal. thanks guys!
I'd be down with deflowering Tesla.  
But Tesla was pretty good looking.....
And Tesla.
Sir Isaac Newton and Nikola Tesla died virgins.
It used to be that if you posted about Tesla in /r/Technology, that it would never get seen.This ended up being true, and someone revealed that /r/Technology mods were filtering certain keywords with the Automoderator, "Tesla" being one of those keywords.
I park my '97 civic between a Porsche and a Tesla at work. At first I wasn't sure how to feel, but then I realized I have a lot to look forward to. 
6 months ago zero Tesla cars around Shanghai and the neighboring provinces.  Now I see Tesla cars everywhere.
Tesla
He's talking in the context of Tesla, though. It has more to do with the current state of the electric car industry and the strategic ranking of current and potential competitors. It's in Tesla's best interest for the electric car market to grow, and for that he needs more electric cars because the real competitors are cars that run on fossil fuels. Once (or if) the electric car industry is adequately large enough and relatively self-sufficient, Elon will stop providing his newest technology to other electric car companies because his concerns will be narrowed to the electric car market itself (as opposed to the car market as a whole now).Lets not forget one of Elon's other companies, SpaceX, does not make their technology public. The most pertinent information is kept in-house in the form of trade secrets, rather than publicly disclosing them as patents. 
If you ask me, this is a fine example of cronyism. Business cozying up to lawmakers to make it harder for competition to enter the market. Without such rules, Tesla would probably become a huge market force and other companies would have to find ways to compete, instead of crying to their politician friends.
Going forward, cars will be measured by their ability to resist being crushed by a Tesla.
Tesla truly is a great company. They are breaking the bullshit. Offering quality just for qualities sake. They stand by their product. Very straightforward company. Good policies so far.Elon Musk is an industry pioneer and a pioneer for corporate standards.
*nipple pinching*TESLA, WEIRD AL YANKOVIC, NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON
You know Morgan Stanley is just spewing these articles out there because they are about to underwrite a round of funding for Tesla right.....
Fully electric cars.  I would have thought 10-15 years but I do think Tesla opening up their patents gave the future of electric cars a nice boost.
BREAKING: Competition among several businesses drives innovation.Good on Tesla for making a product people want so badly.
TO THE TOP OF [/R/ALL](http://www.reddit.com/r/all/) WE GOEDIT: 6TH PLACE CHOO CHOO WE'RE CLOSING INEDIT: FUCK OFF TESLAEDIT: WE FUCKIN DID IT FELLAS- KNOCKED EM OFF THEIR FUCKIN' PERCH!EDIT: Wowee cheers for the gold!
I wish Tesla was an ISP. 
Kudos, Elon!I was hoping for terms such as free use of the patents if the other party agrees not to sue over their own patents. I think this statement comes close to that:&gt Tesla will not initiate patent lawsuits against anyone who, in good faith, wants to use our technology.
If ever there was an example set to shame the corporate world, and promote the possibility that we won't attempt to completely destroy the world around us, this is it. Well done Tesla, well done.EDIT: There may or may not be ulterior motives behind this, who knows, why not for once take this at face value, and accept the fact that making technology you have developed, free, for anyone to use is a positive step forward.  Anything used to push humanity towards living in a 'potentially' sustainable and responsible way is a plus for me.
why not just say elon musk instead of "tesla boss"Or you could say the CEO/President, or some title. This makes it sound like some mid level manager is fed up and is leaking info.
It's the dealer network, not the other car manufacturers, that are giving Tesla such a hard time.  Cars have traditionally been sold by dealerships in the USA.  Tesla is attempting to bypass that tradition.Needless to say, that strategy is not going over very well.  Tesla contends that there is nothing wrong with a direct-to-the-public sales model, and that no dealership can properly educate potential buyers about the unique nature of their product.  The dealers are fuming that Tesla might be setting a precedent of bypassing the manufacturer-dealer-customer business model, and cutting the dealerships out of the car sales market.
too bad I don't live in NJ.also.. too bad I cannot afford a Tesla.
Can I say Tesla?
I stopped a Tesla for no plates just after they just came out. Just gave a verbal warning he'd been given bad advice by Tesla about how long he had to register it. After the stop I bs'd with him for a few minutes and he showed me the different features the car had. I have to say that I was impressed with the car. When he pulled away he got on it and was up to the 55mph speed limit very quickly and quietly. 
You just have to love the future.. and Tesla seem to be owning most of it.
Hey dudes,So I was reading about the [delays on Tesla's Model X](http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/cars/2014/05/08/tesla-model-x-delay/8859323/) which are possibly due to the very cool ["falcon doors"](http://www.plugincars.com/sites/default/files/model-x-garage-620.jpg) and the way they seal shut. It got me thinking about other cars with incredible doors and nothing stood out for me like the BMW Z1. I made a full album for /r/thewholecar if you are keen to have a look - but here is the car with the doors [up](http://i.imgur.com/B1DAwVm.jpg) and [down](http://i.imgur.com/ybmZ1cL.jpg) to give you an idea. I usually do a little write up with my albums so here's some ramblings on the Z1 if you are interested:The BMW Z1 is one of those rare concept cars that snuck through virtually unchanged into a small production run. The Z in Z1 originally stood for *Zukunft* - German for *future* and the Z1 was used to develop and debut several bits of technology that would appear in future models. The integrated roll-bar, the smooth composite underbody tray helping with aerodynamics, and of course - the incredible door mechanism - though that would remain unique to the Z1. For those that are unaware, see [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fk0A0IHrpd0) or [this shitty gif I made](http://i.imgur.com/HsClwBf.gif) for a quick demo of the incredible engineering that enabled the doors that drop down into the high sill. You could drive with the doors up or down and I can't help wondering what it must have been like to look down and see the road rushing past your knee as you drove, perhaps a similar sensory experience to riding a motorcycle?BMW built around 8000 Z1's between 1989 and 1991 (mostly in Germany as U.S imports were a non-starter thanks to side-impact safety standards ruling that out), after a wildly positive reception to the design's debut at the 1987 Frankfurt motor show. They chose to be  less daring under the hood, opting to lift the 2.5 liter inline-six from the 325i to power the Z1, and though it was lighter than the 325i, the Z1 was still a bit of a porker to propel. It weighed in at 3,200 pounds and that's not exactly light for a roadster. This meant the 170hp from the M20B25 engine took the Z1 to 60mph in nine seconds, and a top speed of, well - this car isn't really about top speeds. No, BMW had not built a track toy, or even a fast road car - instead they built something truly interesting, unique, and full of character. They even went as far as imagining a customer that wanted to have the ability to easily swap out body panels for a new set, to have one car in multiple colours perhaps. [So they went and made the Z1 to do just that](http://www.autowallpaper.de/Wallpaper/images/BMW/BMW-Innovationen/automobile/BMW-Z1-.jpg), engineering the body panels to be removed in (according to the manual anyway) 40 minutes by the customer. The panels were made of lightweight thermoplastic and used a special lacquer on the paint to prevent damage during removal and installation. The E30 3-Series front axle was combined with the brand new "Z-axle" or multi-link rear axle suspension, and resulted in a fine ride that had reviewers praising how planted the car felt at speed. Transmission duties fell to Gertrag's lovely five-speed manual gearbox that performed precisely and gave the driver smooth shifts that seemed to fit the relaxed yet mechanical nature of the Z1. So it's no performance vehicle then, and it remains largely forgotten among the many BMW cars created, yet I feel like it was a resounding success in that it was truly forward-thinking and started [the whole family of BMW Z cars that would follow.](http://i.imgur.com/DusMlRV.jpg)
You will be shocked if anything goes wrong with your Tesla.
Where's Elon Musk?  This could be the easiest Tesla sale ever.
If Tesla can push out a vehicle around the $40,000 mark they would qualify for the new proposed federal tax incentives for EVs ([$10,000 tax credit](http://www.detroitnews.com/article/20140304/AUTO01/303040118)). In addition to that you would also qualify for whatever incentives your state offered that range anywhere from $1,000 to $6,000. So, assuming this article is using the price as "before incentives" then your actual out of pocket cost would be closer to $25,000-$30,000 which puts you in the price range of a [Honda Accord](http://automobiles.honda.com/accord-sedan/price.aspx) for all practical purposes.Keep in mind the cost savings that come after purchase by way of reduced energy costs (electricity costs less than gas), less maintenance costs (no oil, engine maintenance), etc. Electric cars still remain expensive but seeing how much cheaper they have gotten so quickly is VERY promising. I look forward to the future of humming highways.EDIT: added linkEDIT2: Out of date news link, re-linked to up to date source
"Inform your supervisors in the Tesla marketing department?" WTF? Maybe agentlame skipped his meds today. 
This is why I like companies like GoPro and Tesla who could have sold a hundred times over, but have remained independent. I truly believe both those companies are putting out better products than would have come from Canon or GM had they sold. 
I am not the CEO of a large company, I am the CEO of a rather small company, but maybe this answer will be helpful:There is no "typical" week, as my job is a non-specialized function.  Thus, I typically spend my time working on X (see below), plus facilitate decisions on whatever critical issue has been escalated to my level.  I say "facilitate" instead of "make" because sometimes I'm not the best person to *make* a decision, but instead I push people to sharpen their thinking, confront ambiguity, etc, in order to render a decision, especially on tough issues.X is defined as an always-varying combination of 1) things in my key areas of personal strength, 2) areas where, especially in a small company, we have not yet hired key people to lead that area but which still need to be done, and 3) areas where quality of execution is not sufficiently developed to achieve key strategic aims.In #2 and #3, potentially *none* of those areas may lie in my own areas of personal strength.  As such, one other key activity for a CEO is to recruit the right people to the company who have the expertise to lead work in those areas better than he/she can.----Ever since taking this job, I've discovered several things that I think result in CEOs being paid a lot more than other corporate officers.  It's been an interesting journey.**1) The CEO is responsible for *everything*.** In a regular job, there are always problems that come up that you don't necessarily need to be responsible for - it's your co-worker's area, or you can kick it up to your boss, it belongs to another department, etc. Even if you are an VP or other executive, a problem may come up that is just in some other exec's department (e.g. if you are VP of Marketing and a tech problem comes up, it's the VP of Eng's issue, and vice versa). If you are the CEO, there is no other such person.  *Every* problem is your problem. Yes, you can delegate, but you are responsible for the person handling it correctly.  100% of problems at the company are your problem.  This is true for no one else.**2) You are the public face of your company, no matter how much you don't care to be.**  When you think about a company, good or bad, you think of the CEO as the ultimate authority on everything. You probably don't know the VP of Corporate Communications at Microsoft, or the CFO of Tesla, but I'll bet you know the CEO's names.  The CEO becomes *personally synonymous* with the company, especially when someone has a complaint.**2a) In a failure, you *must* be willing to be the sacrificial lamb to the public.**  This is something that comes with the job, and is not a job requirement for any other executive position.  Sometimes other executives take a fall publicly when something goes wrong, but it is usually because of something egregious directly going wrong in their organization.  On the other hand, there are multiple macroeconomic or external disaster scenarios which can affect a company negatively and if the CEO is nothing less than brilliant in overcoming them (not always possible), it's part of the CEO's job to resign or be fired, and usually shamed publicly.  This is known and accepted as part of the job.  If you've had any other job, this was probably not part of your job description.  :)**3) The job doesn't end.  In many jobs, the job can end when you go home or on vacation.**  Even in other crisis-response-type positions (ER, police, fire, datacenter ops), you have on-shift rotations and downtime.  Not so for a CEO.  Whatever key strategic initiative, ongoing crisis of the moment, or existential threat to the company will always be on your mind, and you are always subject to having a high-priority issue escalated to you.  This is related to #1, i.e. you are responsible for *everything,* in that if there is something that truly requires your attention, no one will say "Wait, he/she's off-duty, don't bother them."  You are always on duty your downtime is when you leave the job.**4) You actually have *less* power over your environment than you have in any other job.**  This is a counter-intuitive thing that people often don't realize about positions of authority.  The degree of control you feel you have over your life is a ratio between the size of the sphere of things you can directly control ("Sphere of Influence") compared to the size of the sphere of things whose effects you need to worry about ("Sphere of Concern").  When you have a front-line, entry-level job, you may feel that you have little power, but the *ratio* of power-to-concern is quite high: you can affect how you are doing your job, and things you can't control include your boss, certain things about your work environment, and customers you come into contact with.  If you become a manager, you control the entire team (but not really - people may defy you if you are not convincing enough), but now you have to be concerned with things that happen in other teams, elsewhere in the company, and an even larger demographic of customers.  As a CEO, you have authority over the entire company (though again not true control over every individual's free actions), but you need to be worried about all the users and customers, competitors, large-scale industry trends, macroeconomic forces, regulators and governments, the press, etc.  Thus, being a CEO requires developing extreme mental equanimity in the face of feeling nearly totally powerless - and still being able to make effective decisions using the limited resources you *can* control.----These are the things I've noticed that separate the job from other high-level executive jobs.  Certainly there are other factors (mentioned in other comments here), like being good at building relationships with key outside parties, having a lot of industry contacts, and being great at decision-making, but those are true of many executive-level positions.  Thus, I believe that the salary differential arises largely from the fact that:* the CEO role involves a qualitatively higher level of life stress and personal risk-tolerance, * subsequently far fewer people are willing to take on such a role, and* the pool of such people intersected with people who are actually good at doing the job is therefore incredibly small, * intersected further on a per-industry basis (Alan Mulally from Ford could not have been a CEO for Microsoft).This leads to an acute supply-and-demand problem, i.e. the "I'm not getting paid enough to deal with this shit" issue, wherein plenty of otherwise talented executives who would be CEO candidates are happy to just stick with not taking that extra step - keep in mind that anyone with the combination of characteristics necessary to be a successful CEO has *lots* of options - so you end up with a highly illiquid market of candidates, and thus boards and compensation committees have to come up with really unique compensation packages to induce those people to take the job.**TLDR:** excessive CEO is the result of the combination of the job having extreme unique requirements *and* its effects on supply-and-demand.----FAQ: Q: How much do you get paid?A: Not enough to deal with this shit.  But that keeps our burn rate down, at least.  
I've had my reservations about Tesla before, but you gotta hand it to Musk, when he wants something done, he gets it done. He's the closest thing we have to a real life Tony Stark. Godspeed, you crazy animal.Edit: Hey cool top comment. A lot of people asked me about the "reservations" part, it's because 1. Realizing the roadster wasn't suited to my needs in the Northeast at this time. 2. Tesla not able to turn a profit for the first few years and having a very high risk balance sheet (which has paid off for the most part). 
For anyone that missed it last year, the Tesla got the highest crash test rating of any car ever. [ It literally broke the roof crushing machine that the NHTSA uses.](http://www.teslamotors.com/about/press/releases/tesla-model-s-achieves-best-safety-rating-any-car-ever-tested)
They called the prototype Tesla. In other words, Tesla did it first but Edison gets the credit.
Tesla was a genius who was mentally raped by Edison who ate the babies of good, hard working poor celibate Christian aid workers!srs though, guy was a douche.
Cue the Edison tesla debacle. 
Also, Power Plants are much more efficient than your car's engine. They are able to extract a larger percentage of Energy from a given amount of fossil fuel and convert that into useful work, better than a car engine can. So even with transmission losses, having the energy for work come from a power plant rather than you cars internal combustion engine, is much more efficient. On top of that Tesla has a partnership with SolarCity with helps them build the Tesla Super Charging stations, which generates so much free solar energy that it is able to offset the power consumption from its customers and sell energy back to the grid. This then allows them to provide free clean energy to its customers. 
I don't think Redditors are fundamentally opposed to corporate tax breaks we just want to see the tax breaks go to companies that need them.Tesla is an innovative startup that is spurring advancement of environmentally-friendly technologies and is still working on establishing itself in the economy. This is exactly the sort of company that *should* get a tax break.A long-established oil company that is posting record profits, on the other hand, is not.**Edit:** Since this comment is getting a bit of attention, I want to address a few of the responses:&gtand you're tied in enough to know who needs them and who doesn't, and the whole chain of effects down the line? puhhleeze.It's not my job to make these decisions, but it doesn't take a rocket scientist to understand that a startup and, to repeat myself, companies *posting record profits (Not revenue. Profits.)* have different levels of financial need.&gtIn other words, companies you likeIf the reason I like them is aligned with the reason they deserve a tax break, sure. There are companies I like that don't need tax breaks, too, and probably companies I don't like that do need them. That's entirely beside the point.&gtElectric vehicles are still powered on the electric grid, which is still based on non-renewable sources of energy.&gtIt is a mere band-aid on the larger problem of total human consumption and demand of travel. We live unsustainably, and need to keep incentivizing technological innovation to keep up with our consumption patterns?EVs are not a solution to the developed world's energy and consumption crisis, but they are a step in the right direction.**Second Edit:** Just as a note, since a lot of people are on about Tesla's products being cars "for the rich" or that "most people can't afford"... Tesla is already providing electric powertrain components to other manufacturers (Toyota, for example) to use in more affordable vehicles, and Tesla themselves are planning a more economically-priced vehicle for 2015. The company broke into the luxury market first because it was the most lucrative and the best return on investment for limited production runs, in order to generate the capital to develop more economical vehicles. Assuming Tesla remains successful, their products will become accessible to more and more people as they enter further market segments.
I am confused at the Reddit mentality. People here look down on corporate tax breaks unless it's for Tesla?EDIT: For the record, I get that it supports innovation etc etc... I am all for Tesla as a company but to take $34 million from tax payers to create 112 jobs to make a car most Californians can't even afford seems a bit off kilter to me.There should at least have been a stipulation forcing Tesla to make affordable cars so that they are actually paving the way to a cleaner environment.
Forgetting (for a moment) all the love that Tesla receives on reddit, this is encouraging news for manufacturing in CA.  In general, the US economy has seen a lot of manufacturing leave the states and it's slowly coming back in different forms/ways.Kudos to the legislature to recognize the need for manufacturing in CA.  Let's hope the trend continues in CA, especially in the aerospace realm.
Buying an electric car with an internet created currency...that's definitely one of the most high-tech exchanges I've read about recently.edit: Now to figure out how to convert my reddit gold and karma into bitcoin. Tesla Model S here I come!edit 2: Holy crap! Thanks to the people who have tipped me $27 in bitcoin. I didn't even know you could tip people bitcoin on reddit. 
Tesla makes the juice free to Model S drivers. Quite nice of them. The charging infrastructure is kinda like a part of the vehicle. 
Very cool.  Best photo description goes to:*When Tesla isn't shitting he enjoys nature hikes.*
&gtThe nationwide driving statistics make this very clear: there are 150,000 car fires per year according to the National Fire Protection Association, and Americans drive about 3 trillion miles per year according to the Department of Transportation. That equates to 1 vehicle fire for every 20 million miles driven, compared to 1 fire in over 100 million miles for Tesla. This means you are 5 times more likely to experience a fire in a conventional gasoline car than a Tesla!- Elon Musk, [source](http://www.teslamotors.com/blog/model-s-fire)&gtSince the Model S went into production last year, there have been more than a quarter million gasoline car fires in the United States alone, resulting in over 400 deaths and approximately 1,200 serious injuries (extrapolating 2012 NFPA data). However, the three Model S fires, which only occurred after very high-speed collisions and caused no serious injuries or deaths, received more national headlines than all 250,000+ gasoline fires combined. The media coverage of Model S fires vs. gasoline car fires is disproportionate by several orders of magnitude, despite the latter actually being far more deadly.&gtReading the headlines, it is therefore easy to assume that the Tesla Model S and perhaps electric cars in general have a greater propensity to catch fire than gasoline cars when nothing could be further from the truth.- Elon Musk, [source](http://www.teslamotors.com/blog/mission-tesla)Basically, it pisses off Tesla too. Personally, I blame the pro-Big Oil crowd, car salesmen opposing Tesla's direct sales strategy, and the established motor companies trying to keep Tesla from making it big by smearing their products in the media (and Big Oil/motor companies are some of the mainstream media's biggest partners in advertising). And the media knows it sells to the people too, because the common people fear what they aren't familiar with (electric cars).___**EDIT: For those comparing numbers.** I get that the comparison *Model S fires vs. fires in all cars in the USA* is skewed. The matter at hand is the comparison of media attention.In OP's article:&gtFord said it had received reports of 13 fires, including one in Canada, stemming from the engine issue.&gtAt least 12 other fires were reported in 2012 that were connected with a November 2012 Escape recall for coolant fluid leaks caused by overheating.&gtNo injuries have been reported. In total, about 30 fires have been reported in North America in connection with the recalls, including a few that happened before the vehicles made it to customers.That's 1.86 fires per 10,000 from mechanical failures, and not external factors.Compared to the three fires in Teslas:&gtA Tesla Model S caught fire after the vehicle hit metal debris on a highway in Kent, Washington state on October 1, 2013.&gtA second reported fire occurred on October 18, 2013 in Merida, Mexico. In this case the vehicle was being driven at high speed through a roundabout and crashed through a wall and into a tree.&gtOn November 6, 2013, a Tesla Model S being driven on Interstate 24 near Murfreesboro, Tennessee caught fire after it struck a tow hitch on the roadway, causing damage beneath the vehicle.All three Tesla Model S fires were due to external objects causing impact damage. That's a completely different matter than internal mechanical failures from overheating.That being said, there's 18,200 Tesla Model S's sold and driving today. 3/18200=1.65 fires per 10,000. **Which is still lower than the Escape's rate of fires, regardless of cause.**
Nikola Tesla
Because the news runs stories about Teslas catching fire and then report *in the story* about how they catch on fire 1/6th as much as other cars. Then *why the fuck is this a news story*?"Tesla facing major questions as cars fail to catch on fire as often as other cars"
"The results offer a rare piece of good news for Tesla, which has faced increasingly tough questions after three cars caught fire in less than two months. This week, U.S. regulators launched a safety probe into the Model S."Offers a RARE piece of good news? Guess they forgot about that whole "rated safest car ever tested" by Consumer Reports. Wow, can't believe media war is being declared on a freaking car. Seriously, if I won the lottery tomorrow, I would choose this car over ANY other.
 Any time a Tesla is in an accident it will be a PR event. Car commercials make up a large slice of advertising. Local dealers hate Tesla. Car dealer advertising is the bread and butter for local TV and radio. So get ready they are going to try and demolish Tesla like they did Tucker. 
In the late 1880s, Thomas Edison was engaged in a "War of Currents", with George Westinghouse and Nikola Tesla. Edison was promoting the use of direct current (DC) against Tesla and Westinghouse's alternating current (AC).  To demonstrate that his DC system was better and "safer," Edison noted that AC had a lethal potential and could be used to electrocute. In 1903, a circus elephant named Topsy at Coney Island's Luna Park went berserk and killed three people including an abusive trainer, who tried to feed her a lighted cigarette.The elephant was considered a threat and the owners wanted it executed. When animal advocates protested the proposed method of hanging, Edison saw a publicity opportunity and suggested electrocution with AC.Topsy was fed carrots laced with cyanide and then electrocuted with 6,000-volts AC. She died "without a trumpet or a groan" within seconds.Topsy's execution was a public spectacle: about 1,500 people attended and Edison even filmed [the event:]( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkBU3aYsf0Q)
Save Tesla, he has one of the most astonishing minds ever, and he tried to make peoples lives better, rather than becoming a rich inventor like eddison
How do you feel about Texas banning the sale of Tesla cars?  Doesn't seem very American or Libertarian.http://news.yahoo.com/blogs/nightline-fix-abc-news/why-texas-bans-sale-tesla-cars-140842349.html
I once saw a Tesla Model S save a baby from a burning building and then it did my taxes for me.
&gt "Tesla achieved this outcome by nesting multiple deep aluminum extrusions in the side rail of the car that absorb the impact energy (a similar approach was used by the Apollo Lunar Lander) and transfer load to the rest of the vehicle. This causes the pole to be either sheared off or to stop the car before the pole hits an occupant."I guess this is what you get when you employ a rocket scientist to design your carAmazing engineering
One very interesting bit:  it uses the same type of motor technology as the Tesla S (just in a different configuration) placed every 70 miles.  Guess what that means?Whatever technology you're using to power those motors can also be tapped into to create a charging station for your Tesla every 70 (or less) miles, right along the highway.  Get the state/feds to fund the construction, then your private company taps into the infrastructure to develop electric "filling stations."  As more Hyperloops are built, a nationwide network of electric filling stations is automatically created without a private company having to foot the bill for infrastructure development.This guy is a damn genius.  Seriously this is the type of thinking that makes the electric automobile a viable future product.  Piggy-backing the infrastructure is a very, very good business idea.
I think if you bought a Tesla, you could just ask them to throw in a pair of Converse shoes for free. Then they'd say something like "No." and you'd have to drive to Payless and buy your own. 
Do you mean a pair of Converses or a Tesla?
able to afford a Teslayet still wear converses do you feel that OP? Thats my jealousy and it is pure 
You can't use a standard electrical socket because of the type of electricity, and the voltage.  Cars use a 12V DC electrical system (actually 14V for most while running).  Your home on the other hand uses 120V AC (in the US).  DC voltages are constant, where as AC alternates polarity in order to transfer power.  AC is preferred for homes and reasons for this are extensive, but basically Tesla figured out that AC was better suited, more efficient, for transmitting power over distances.  [Here is an interesting read](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_of_Currents).In order to put an AC electrical outlet in a car, you need to use an inverter, which converts a DC voltage to the standard AC voltages.  The amount of power that can be pulled from an inverter is limited.EDIT:  Cool, your car has a built in inverter.  Please tell me again.
Isn't his name Nikola Tesla?
Same [man](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elon_Musk) behind [Tesla](http://www.teslamotors.com/), [Solarcity](http://www.solarcity.com/), and [Paypal](https://www.paypal.com/home). Musk kills [it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P79E0-3LeW8). 
The sound of bones breaking is like twigs snapping. The Tesla Model S is so quiet, if you run over a cat you can hear all its bones breaking. 
So this is like the seventieth post about this, so I'll just post a brief recap before this thread fills up with all the same junk.   * "Why do car dealers even exist?" Car dealers exist mainly because of old laws that prevent car manufacturers from becoming "vertical monopolies", and because back in the day, just making cars was hard enough for one company to focus on and they were happy to leave the selling to someone else.     * "Dealership protection" laws were created to ensure that once a dealership invested huge amounts of money into its creation and operation, that a manufacturer couldn't obliterate them overnight by deciding withdraw their support and start competing against them.    * Dealer protection laws should likely not apply to Tesla because there are not any dealerships to protect to begin with.   * Although dealers do extract modest fees as "middlemen" in car sales, they make most of their money off of financing, extended warranties, and their service department, much like a movie theater makes its money not off of ticket sales, but off the concession stand.  This doesn't make buying a car from them any less of a pain in the ass, however.Most importantly:    * Oil companies have literally nothing to do with this conflict, and no one is trying to hold back electric (or "green") cars the dealers would be fighting just as hard against any car company that attempted a direct-to-consumer model.Bonus fact:  * Even if powered from 100% coal power, internal combustion engines are still so inefficient that an electric car would still be marginally cleaner to operate, with further gains as other power sources enter the mix.  Actual US grid coal percentage is less than 50%.
A long time ago, a man named Hank in Michigan started to build cars. People liked his cars, but Hank was in Michigan and didn't know many people in New Jersey or own a space to sell to individuals in New Jersey. So, he found one guy in New Jersey named Dan who he could sell to because Dan did know a lot of people and Dan owned a big lot to show cars on. Dan bought a lot of cars with his own money in bulk for his dealership, which he then sold to the public one at a time for profit. This was good for Hank because he didn't have to find individual customers in New Jersey to sell his cars to, and it was good for Dan because he already knew the individual customers and could sell Hank's cars for a profit.Eventually though, Hank saw Dan making a profit, and got greedy. Hank figured that now that Dan had already hooked people on his cars in New Jersey, he could just sell directly to the public in Dan's town to cut Dan out and make more money for himself. This was big trouble for Dan because not only would he be out of a job in the future, but he also wouldn't be able to sell the cars he had already bought from Hank if Hank started selling them cheaper. Oh No!BUT Dan's lived in New Jersey a long time, and he went to see his friends Dave and Dean who were Hank's dealers in other New Jersey towns. Dan told Dave and Dean that Hank wanted to sell directly to customers in his town, and that Hank would probably do it in their towns too. Dan, Dave and Dean then pooled a bunch of money together to get a law passed that bans Hank from selling directly to the public to protect their investments. Then they get laws passed that say once Hank has made them a dealer, it's a permanent relationship and Hank has to keep selling to them or pay them a lot of money. New Jersey law-makers feel good because they protected Dan, Dave, and Dean from that meanie greedy Michigan manufacturer Hank. 75 or so years go by. The dealers in other states get similar laws passed. And some get other tougher laws passed. They get a law passed that makes it a crime to sell directly to the public. They get a law passed that makes it illegal for a manufacturer to set up a dealership within 10 miles of another dealership. They put the kibosh on internet sales of new cars.Tesla starts making cars. It wants to sell them directly to customers. But because of what happened with Dan and Hank, there are all of these laws (in 48 states, apparently) that say manufacturers cannot sell cars to people directly.  And Dan lived happily ever after.The end.
Tesla is caught up in old laws that were put in place to protect the local dealer from direct competition with Ford, GM, etc. It was feared that the big auto companies could/would come in and put local dealers out of business if allowed to compete directly. Tesla does not have existing dealers to put out of business, but the laws still apply to them. If they succeed in working around the laws, then this will give  precedent to Ford, GM etc to also work around the laws. Dealers are fighting Tesla because they are afraid of the big brands dealing directly and cutting them out. 
I once fell asleep mid conversation about Steve Jobs and said "Steve Jobs is the best quarterback since Nikola Tesla."
Yes. People misunderstand Tesla. They think what he did was mystical but he was firmly rooted in science. He understood the math involved with magnetism and electricity and figured out that wireless electricity transmission is possible but inherently inefficient. 
&gtFollowing this payment, Tesla will be **the only American car company to have fully repaid the government**.Nice!Disclaimer: I know literally nothing about cars or car companies. 
"Tesla weasels their way out of paying the government $$ in interest on their federal loans over the next 10 years" -- FOX News
Title should read "Tesla to pay off $465M in federal loans 9 years in advance".
If you are wondering, I did make all of this up and have been working for Tesla the last 6 years.  We were missing that key demographic of college kids who live off of $300,000 a year on Reddit.  Cross your fingers for my promotion.In all seriousness though, he was on a wait list for 6 months. They said it would take a few years, but once he wrote that check he got bumped up to 2nd or 3rd in line. 
Tesla isn't posting profits just yet. They expect to be soon  though. Just thought I'd put that out there. 
If Tesla would like some more test drives I'd be happy to help out permanently.
......And there we have it.tldr - CNN had no problems making the exact same trip as Broder, further stating, *"It wasn't that hard."* /  "*With a full battery, there was no need -- none at all -- to nurse the car's battery."*So.1) It seems clear from the data, as well as his subsequent comments that Broder attempted to sabotage the performance of the vehicle by a combination of depriving the battery and then demanding too much of it when the vehicle's battery was *(by his actions)* deprived. One thing speaks volumes here--Broder's response to discovering that Tesla Motors had logs of his trip. The only reason someone would be indignant about the black box data being published was if they had something to hide if Broder were being honest in his appraisal, he would have been excited to have the log data released, since it would vindicate him. Instead, he complained that the black box data was collected "without his permission". That sort of comment doesn't emerge out of someone operating from a position of honesty.2) No review of any product is valid if that product isn't being used correctly, let alone even rationally. You don't review the abilities of a toaster by seeing how well it acts as a birdfeeder. For Broder's work to be representative of the way that the New York Times reviews a product, it casts all other reviews into question for being similarly mishandled/fraudulent. 3) Broder's conduct has called the integrity of the entire organization into question. Clearly, he didn't have facts at hand to back up the words he went to print with--this fails even a basic level of Journalism 101, and has no place in a paper with the visibility and reputation of the New York Times.From here, i'd fully expect to see Broder fired immediately, and a full page retraction/apology issued to Tesla Motors. Short of either one of those, I would not have any faith whatsoever in the New York Times credibility as a news organization. They're done.Without credibility, newspaper descends to the level of an opinion blog printed out on shitty quality inkjet paper.
It sounds like John Broder didn't realize a modern car like the Tesla has all these telemetric data capabilities. There is no way he'd publish all that bullshit if he realized Tesla knew so many things about how the car was performing and how it was being used.I think the NYT *has* to fire him. How many reviews has he similarly skewed in the past? How can any other auto company be assured that he will review their cars honestly?
When you're defending yourself or making an argument, you want the kind of info Tesla had. Very thorough, well done Tesla.
Nikola Tesla faked his death and lived well into his 100's to do secret research for the U.S. government.edit: link [http://www.crystalinks.com/montauk.html](http://www.crystalinks.com/montauk.html)
A little background I'm a flat gearhead, car junkie, racing maniac. I love everything about cars from the smell to the feels.Unlike my fellow enthusiasts I can't wait for electric cars to catch up and surpass (I know they will) combustion vehicles. Tesla is getting close, but I want nearly 200 mph with a battery range so long that it would be impossible to use it all (meaning you would have to sleep/eat before it quits).I hope I can live to see this day.Edit: oh my god I just realized what I'm going to do with my life. I know I wanted to be an engineer, but an engineer of what. I'm going to design electric cars!
I don't think it is a conspiracy, I think it's a simply they view it as currently a less lucrative investment than fossil sources.  Your own example demonstrates it well:  JP Morgan didn't actively suppress Tesla, however he decided that he didn't see a way to get return on his investment so he stopped providing funds to him.   I think the oil companies are similar, they don't actively suppress alternative energies, but if they have $1 billion dollars to spend, they are going to put more of it in the place the get the better return on investment.  Currently that involves putting more money in fossil sources than in alternatives.  If alternative energies had a price point to make them more profitable than oil and gas, I would imagine they would quickly embrace the opportunity to raise profits.
I drove a coworker's new Tesla S yesterday, the acceleration is totally unreal to me. I've driven plenty of cars with equal amounts or more torque, but this is just otherworldly. Instantaneous acceleration is just there whenever you want it and with zero fuss. The whole luxury 4 door sedan thing isn't my cup of tea as I daily drive an S2000, but its still really neat. I made fun of her car a bit before I got to drive it, but I take back every bad thing I said about it. These cars are the future. 
I'll post more soon. [The console is insane!](http://stblogs.automotive.com/files/2012/01/2013-Tesla-Model-S-Interior-Dashboard-Center-Console-768x1024.jpg) GPS and entertainment selection on one big touch screen.
CowJam's Gift Ideas for Men:* Anything involving high voltage (tesla coil, nixie tubes, electric fly swatter, etc).* Any of the 'adult' (read: expensive) lego kits such as the taj mahal or the millennium falcon.* A blu-ray box set.  They're pretty cheap and I'll enjoy them.  I've just seen all of Heroes for £30.  * Any blu-ray that has been released following the purchase of a box set.  For example, Prometheus or the latest Batman film when it's out.* Anything involving a hobby you know I enjoy.  Try to avoid the 'joke' products surrounding the hobby (especially golf).  I'd rather have something small but decent than large and shit.* Vouchers are fine as long as they're for non-sensible shops.  If you're getting me a voucher make sure it's for the likes of play.com, firebox, etc and not debenhams.edit: a watch.  I'm never going to complain about a watch, even if it cost you 50p from the market.
Tesla is worse than Edison, rape victims were usually asking for it, police are great, and keep weed illegal! Sincerely, 9gag
Hi reddit, The Oatmeal here. [proof](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/aws4z/i_am_the_oatmeal_ama/). Should I make a KickStarter for this?  What would need to be done?  Buy the land? Build a museum on it?  What's feasible and what is not? Also, I know a guy in Colorado Springs who has a ton of Tesla stuff, and does a kind of [traveling Tesla show](http://teslamuseum.us/). He might be able to contribute some of his coils, artifacts, documents, and expertise.  
Edison this, Edison that.  Little to no mention of Tesla, Marconi, Westinghouse.
Carbon button lamps are indeed more efficient than Edison filament lamps, but that efficiency comes at the price of having to expend a certain minimum amount of energy. A carbon button lamp might produce ten times the light at 500W as a filament lamp would at 500W, but if you don't **need** ten times the light of a 500W filament lamp, you're out of luck. You can make a tiny 40W filament lamp for inside the refrigerator by using a smaller, thinner filament. There's no easy way to make a smaller, dimmer carbon button lamp.Additionally, the carbon button lamp requires very high frequency electricity, which is unavailable without a high freq switching transformer or your own high frequency power generation facility (which Tesla had).Lastly, and perhaps most importantly, a carbon button lamp releases ionizing radiation. Light bulbs that can potentially bombard you with X-rays are a bad idea.
had to explain to a friend that Amish people know electricity exists, and that they just didn't believe we should use it ("I'm gonna go down there, to Amishland or whatever, and show them my xbox!!") also had to tell her that we generate electricity, in power plants, it doesn't just float around in the air, roaming free, like motherfucking bison.*Edit: Holy bejesus, that's a lot of comments. The aforementioned friend is a redditor, maybe I should show her this thread. Also, I know, I know, Tesla, ionosphere, yadda yadda.
Does any one else think that i nailed it and am doing it right? [craft.jpg]I see what you did thereIt's no 2AM Chilli Soap...Have an upvote.AND MY AXE!This kills the axe meme.Memes, how do they work? [ICP.jpg]I'll just leave this here [vid]ಠ_ಠDoes any one else think that i nailed it and am doing it right? [FIXED] [craft.jpg]To the front page with you!This.Wow. I don't believe I made to the front page! I'd like to thank god.There's no proof that fairies don't exist either - do you believe in them too?Carl Sagan said it best [Carl.jpg]RepostNot sure if Repost or haven't seen it before [fry.jpg].If it's a Repost, just use the downvote button! IDIOT! That's what they are their for.I hate being that guy, but you used the wrong 'there'.Irony.  Came here to post this.That is NOT irony, Neckbeard!  Look it up FFS!Son, I am dissapoint.It's shit like this.Absolutely agree with Sagan.  Fuck everything about this!Fuck all the things!!!No, that's an object, I think you mean Rings.No, that's a band of metal, I think you mean Sings.C-C-C-Combo Breaker!!In Soviet Russia things fuck you.go on...That post was almost as bad as Justin Bieber, Nickelback and Rebecca black combined.Louis CK hit the nail on the head with this one [Louis.jpg]Stop posting pics of Louis CK with text!  He would hate it!He should have posted in /r/only10subscribers anyway.Neither, Chuck Tesla.You got that from /b/And /b/ got it from Reddit.Nice try, M. Night Shyamalanan.Your spelling is wrong.  I quit life.AND MY AXE!Another LOTR reference!  This thread helps my OCD.This doesn't mean you have OCD! IT JUST MEANS YOU'RE particular!!@!  This is what OCD is like: [vid]Wadsworth constant applies.Was expecting to read that and will not leave disappointed.My SO made me an axe for my birthday.  What do you think?Guythatsaysmyaxe: AND MY AXE!Upvote for relevant username.Member for 4 years! Your day has come!Member for 4 years and only one post - You can't explain that. [BillOReilly.jpg]Good Guy Greg Upvotes relevant username.Scumbag Steve Downvotes relevant usernames.One downvote? SBS is a Hipster.le me to Steve: FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU*You just edited your post! Hey everybody! This guys a PHONY!A BIG FAT PHONY!This is why we can't have nice things!I'll just be over here then.  [sadkeanu.jpg]Forever Alone.Anyone else like Ron Paul?Have an upboat.The karma is now diamonds.I wish I had more upvotes to give.Wait...is that a spider in the right hand corner?ENHANCE.Someone setup a GUI interface using visual basic.NOPE NOPE NOPE!! [spiderenhanced.jpg]Kill it with fire!Hey Guys, my girlfriend thinks she's [f]at, can you talk some sense into her? [size0model.jpg]Pic is down.  Is she...Over 9000??9000kg girlfriend?  That brings new meaning to....a tonne of fun.Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!To help everyone out - 9000 kilograms = 19 841.6036 poundsHow I feel when someone posts "Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" before me [gif].No one cares how you feel on an internet site.This is not your internet site! There are millions of visiters and they all like different things.I think this Youtube comment said it best [screngrab.jpg].Nothing has not happened more than that didn't happen.Yeah, I can tell by the pixels.TIL about pixels from a tv show and posted a Wiki article on it.What the actual fuck!!Look how stupid my friends on facebook are.  They know nothing about pixels. [screengrab.jpg]AMA Request: That guy on facebook!!Would anyone be interested in a AMA from that guy on facebook?FFS! Just ask them and if people are interested they will ask questions!!!!Okay. [okayrageface.jpg]Look at my cat in a hat - I rescued it from my neighbor's backyard [meholdingcatnexttomyface.jpg].I want that hat! ShutupandtakemymoneyI don't have a cat to pimp for cakeday karma, so here's an elderly person I know.Happy Cakeday!Am I the only one that hates cats?Yes. You are a unique snowflake.Yes. You are a unique pancake.Yes. You are a unique toothache. Y U NO like cats?I love cats!  I'm not crying, I've been cutting onions.huh?Next person that posts 'huh?' gets a visit from this guy.  [fatguybeingsick.jpg]I don't even...That's it, the internet is officially over.That's enough internet for today.  I'm out.(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻Hi r/sex, I'm just wondering if it's normal if you get an erection while licking a table.Of course.  Anyone who doesn't like it is a victim of society and is homophobic.I'm a cop and love to lick tables.Police abusing cooperating table [vid]That table gotta lawyer up!Lawyer up, hit the gym and delete facebook.Fuck the police.Whoa, we got a badass over here! I love the police.You are the 1%.Join a credit union then!I don't want to live on this planet anymore.If you hate this planet...Does that mean you've been to another?  [philosoraptor.jpg]Imgur mirror [1]Urgh.  Is there a Reddit for grownups?  These memes are getting sad.C'mon.  It was funny!  I laughed so hard I spat coffee on my keyboard.I laughed so hard I almost woke my roommate and dog up.In Australia you wake your roommate and dog down.[helloyesthisisdog.jpg]I told my Australian roommate I quit facebook.  This was his reaction [gif]This is what Cleverbot has to say about facebook. [screengrab.jpg]I copied what Cleverbot said and said it back to Cleverbot.  [screengrab.jpg]Yo dawg, I herd you like Cleverbot so we spoke to Cleverbot with Cleverbot so you read Cleverbot while Cleverbot talks to Cleverbot..I N C E P T I O NGormae: We must go deeper....That's what she said.I don't always go deeper, but when I do it's in your mother. [interestingman.jpg]xxx~*...like dis if u cry evry time...~*xxx[clap.gif]TLDR - Shit got real.Edit: 'I don't know why I'm being downvoted.'*There.  Now you don't have to read reddit. (Updated with suggestions)*
Nikola Tesla punching Thomas Edison out in a boxing ring
Nope, Nik Tesla
Einstein did it first?Nope. Nick Tesla.
Tesla was the shit.He gets my vote for the man of his century.
Fine then, Portable Tesla coil and a *Jupiter* costume. Happy now?
Portable Tesla coil and a Zeus costume.
